I find the gold toe sock ? inevitably off kilter ; washed out ? a little troubling esthetically ; arguably a bit corpo Sock Con, the conference for socks Always something new for the magazine cover and the articles practically write themselves This guy gets it Sock tech is so advanced that you can get pretty much anything in sock form these days! I must confess to a penchant for creative socks It?s time His success was in fact due, in part, because he was super fun at parties, spoke and wrote incredibly well! While bleak posts maybe generate more clicks, more happier moments in history would be nice Supporting Doge wherever possible "Moon brought us together in ?69, Mars can do that in the future" "Without a common goal, humanity will fight itself" Exactly Can you say more about this: ?? pressures that the government may have placed on Twitter ?? Humanity will reach Mars in your lifetime Flatulence Earther Maybe later this year Zip around Vegas super fast with Teslas in tunnels! Structural pack is the right overall architecture from a physics standpoint, but it is still far from optimized " Also, being ruggedized for relentless salt spray ; extreme winds ; storms in deep ocean is not easy" No, it?s dual, high performance terminals, which are important for maintaining the connection in cho? A flying, electric boat would be sickkk Starlink for boats! " Not bad! It is high time that the future looked like the future. Same goes for fashion." Pretty much. A van would have more roof height, so you could stand or sit under it for shade. Maybe with an optional solar power canopy that extends both sides of the van, tripling roof area Exactly "Maybe Tesla should make a highly configurable Robovan for people ; cargo?" Far too many people are under the illusion that Earth is overpopulated, even though birth rate trends are? I hope you have big families and congrats to those who already do! Population of Mars is still zero people! Mark my words, they are sadly true "Doing my best to help the underpopulation crisis. A collapsing birth rate is the biggest danger civilization faces by far." ?Wait A Minute, Doc. Are You Telling Me You Built A Time Machine...Out Of A DeLorean?? ? Back to the Future Highly recommend Revolutions by Mike Duncan, especially Season 10 The world is actually vastly better than Orwell imagined, but there is also vastly more surveillance Troubling ? Great! That is indeed the real question I had same great experience from Tokyo to Osaka " China ; Japan have awesome trains. Took bullet train from Beijing to Xi?an to see Terracotta Army of ???." Super fired up for future product development with our awesome Tesla team! Such an honor to work with them. Kids are worth it if at all possible. I?m planning to increase childcare benefits at my compan? Agreed, this needs to be addressed The world has gone mad Terrible news " Future wars are all about the drones. Human crews of planes or tanks have no chance. One exception:? Whoever controls the teleprompter is the real President! We know so little today. I want to know the meaning of life or whatever the right quest? " But sponges ; starfish obv can Consciousness can understand the nature of the Universe. Clams, not so much. Interesting. Who is behind the bot attack? For improved quality of sleep, raise head of your bed by about 3? or 5cm and don?t eat 3 hours before bedtime These polar launches will enable complete coverage of Earth (where approved by local government) Chuckmate Hello??? But Fifth Element was great Base of the vehicle seems ok by flashlight. I was just out t? " Cool, congrats! Now the simulators will have to spend more money on rendering." Rereading The Life of Greece by Durant. In recent months, read American Ca? I do recommend a lot of books And too many little red or green LED indicators YouTube keeps playing me the same annoying scam ads every time I use it. The algorithm is convince? " That is one of the things we will be doing going forward. This particular i? Trump would be 82 at end of term, which is too old to be chief executive of anything? Yeah, but too much drama. Do we really want a bull in a china shop situation every sing? " I don?t hate the man, but it?s time for Trump to hang up his hat ; sail into the sunset. Dems shoul? "Tesla?s automatic cabin overheat protection should make a real difference with record heatwaves. Ability to adjust? Not true Cryogenic fuel is an added challenge, as it evaporates to create fuel-air explosion ri? Yeah, actually not good. Team is assessing damage. Mimic + Dark Moon + Stars of Ruin Absolutely Good chance you?re experiencing at least mild acid reflux at night, affecting quality sleep without consciousness awareness ? Ancient times Was just up in the booster propulsion section. Damage appears to be minor, but we need to inspect all the engines.? Starship launch site tonight Join our underground movement! Excited about potential! Oh the irony lol No problem to recycle the 4680 pack. Just think of any battery pack as super high grade ore ? i? Most importantly, we need to delete or thermally protect rem? " 10.13 goes to internal beta tomorrow, external next week. Should handle Chuck?s complex left turn. Bet? Thanks for everything you have done for Tesla! It has been an honor working with you. " Absolutely. And lithium batteries are the new oil." If testing goes well, as soon as next month Cool Gives whole new meaning to Go Pros! Imagine if MSNBC did that A+ for cinematography Mars is, admittedly, a fixer upper of a planet " The scale is ?? ; anyone can visit!" I wonder if there is a species in the Magellanic Clouds wondering who lives in the big galaxy they orbit " Some small tubes ; wiring need to be nested in a b? " Electric power for booster ; ship is needed even when? Enabling engines to take the heat without shrouds might save? All mass necessitated by an engine design should count as en? Dragon launching in 2 mins Global _______ Cumulative tonnage to orbit this year is the right metric Write to the ! That would be great. Charlie Ergen is trying steal the 12GHz band meant for space Internet. Not cool. Progress We?re making progress with Steam integration. Demo probably next month. It?s a flat trade Actually true. Then I suggested to the team that it didn?t need to be quite so pointy, since that?s just b? ?? bagels If inflation calms down, we can lower prices for cars "Tesla is to protect life on Earth, SpaceX to extend life beyond." " 20 to 30 years from first human landing if launch rate growth is exponential. Assumes transferring ~100k? Mars may be a fixer upper of a planet, but it has great potential! Also worth getting a particle counter It?s on the future product list. Especially important in places like Austin, which has next-? Things will get wild when Andromeda collides with our galaxy! They should keep running " True. I have a CO2 monitor on my desk. It beeps whenever ppm&gt;1000." About twice as much useful mass to orbit as rest of Earth combined Absolutely More accurate word is ?propellant?, rather than ?fuel?. Starship is ~78% liquid oxygen,? I use this example a lot " Starlink bandwidth varies a lot, depending on user terminal density ; time of day. That?s why th? Starlink is a gamechanger for remote locations One of the best features of Model X Teslas are the most made-in-USA vehicles Total scam My calves are bigger tho "To think that Fremont was just a derelict building ; Giga Nevada was just rocks ; bushes when started! California? Congrats to Tesla Fremont + Giga Nevada for making their 2 millionth car! Please vote your shares with Tesla! Yeah It?s a start. About 1000 times more mass to orbit per year will be needed to make life multiplanetary. Already did it " Haha damn, maybe I should take off my shirt more often ? free the nip!! (already back in the factory btw)" Still needs a few tweaks A classic ?? I remember the 70?s, which means I?m definitely not spring chicken " Arguably, we know more than nothing. ?Death ; taxes are a certainty? ? BF." Earth is basically empty of humans Exactly " Tbh, it?s good motivation to work out, eat healthier ; maybe take my shirt off outside more than once a year haha" 16 years ago Upgrades! Sounds bad " Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landside, No escape from reality" Optimus Primed I?m rubber, they?re glue Interesting. Smart move by China. Expendable rockets have no future. Congrats on an incredible company with Airbnb, now for Book 2! True Service turns on next month, which is same time required to deliver a user terminal, so order now at Excited to work with Tesla Service to enable same-hour service as often as possible! Applying Formula 1 pit crew techniques to Teslas. Major volcanic eruptions are underappreciated as civilizational risks Tough times "Starlink now available in 36 countries! Congrats to SpaceX team on record number of launches! " Self-driving electric cars will be all that matters. Gas car without autonomy will be like riding a ho? Software is the key to the future Falcon rising through fog Falcon over the moon From SJM Great thread Deep history memes rock Should be a major improvement with respect to complex left turns Maybe end of this week. Team is working hard on it. ?? indeed The amount of attention on me has gone supernova, which super sucks. Unfortunately, even trivial articles about me? Mostly just that the media is a click maximizing machine and? All Teslas come with a free karaoke app Das Baby would be a hit! The media is a click-seeking machine dressed up as a truth-seeking machine ______, ______ your ?? are on ?? Sure seems that way The real problem here is that has zero journalistic integrity A picture is worth 1000 tweets Yeah, that was Sergey and me yesterday afternoon! "Single-piece casting reduces weight, greatly simplifies factory, increases ride quality ; reduces road noise Good article What video games have you enjoyed most over past year or two? More evidence for the simulation "Movie idea: Boss Baby meets Das Boot Das Baby ? ?Hijinks on the High Seas!?" Lmaooo absolutely ???? Nope Call them out on it, I guess. WSJ is supposed to have a high standard? WSJ has run so many bs hit pieces on me and Tesla I?ve lost count! It?s embarrassing? Haven?t even had sex in ages (sigh) Yeah, the character assassination attacks have reached a new level this year, but the art? " This is total bs. Sergey and I are friends and were at a party together last night! I?ve only seen? Ironic that Disney would disparage an entire class of rodents when their main character is a rodent ? jealous maybe? "The dark origin of the lemming mass suicide myth ? Thanks Jeff ?? Sickonolfi?s pack of attack chihuahuas are burning up phone lines today? Exactly Good point, will do Sub lightspeed is all that?s needed to be interstellar. Intergalactic is tough. The media is a click-seeking machine dressed up as a truth-seeking machine This is compatible with existing religions ? surely God would want us to see Creation? A new philosophy of the future is needed. I believe it should be curiosity about the Universe ? expand humanity to? A new philosophy of the future is needed Moreover, I talked to Sergey yesterday and he says neither he nor anyone he knows has talked to WSJ As a ?public person?, standard to win a defamation lawsuit against a news org is almost impossible.? Seriously Business Insider (Trading) is not a real publication Yeah, but that was 8000 years ago That would be nice ???? Exactly Weirdly, some publications still print millions of paper copies every day! 99% of journalism is reading someone else?s story on the? " Sickonolfi has zero journalistic integrity Much harder to make friends than enemies. My skill at the latter is improving. We?re working super hard on 10.13, but it isn?t ready yet Wikipedia is losing its objectivity I can?t say for sure that Starship will reach escape velocity, but my hubris certainly has We should thank farmers more Products that bring joy are rare Too early to say for sure Would be unwise to risk that it is not More Tesla commodity prices are trending down than up fwiw Inflation might be trending down Thanks for your support over the years Sigh Off to the Races set to Harley Quinn We live in interesting times Some people are no nonsense, but, personally, I like a little nonsense "Interaction with almost all twitter accounts seem to be much lower in recent weeks ; days. Accurate?" Saxon Based Friend made this for me 2 years ago Try voice command ?open butthole? on your Tesla Great style Good point. Time to move on from hybrid cars. That was a phase. 10.13 is probably a week or so away, but yes. People outside of California will notice improvements the most. If our reality is actually an alien soap opera, our ratings would be ?????? Maybe free some people in jail for weed here too? Good thread Still time to vote! X ?? Doges So much water under the bridge since then Yeah Maybe Twitter can become that " It sure is hard to find a news source that?s accurate, relevant ; not total? Floki pic tomorrow " The media has strong negative bias ; are driven by clicks (they can?t help it). Unfortuna? Thanksgiving last year after watching one too many episodes of Vikings "Just came across this pretty good CNBC piece on SpaceX ; Starship That estimate seems high, but the point is valid Worth reading. This is a close match for my philosophy. Cool The ratio of digital to biological compute is growing fast. Worth tracking. A *successful* orbital flight is probably between 1 and 12 months from now I had more kids in Q2 than they made cars! Stone of Destiny Was a fun hang Whiskey Yeah, pretty good. I like the name. Not true. Tesla is 5 mins from Austin International airport. Would be silly to build another private airport,? Hustling to get Starship Booster 7 back to pad to test outer ring of 20 engines Full Send Podcast Thank goodness for Senator Manchin Less than 5% of Twitter daily users are fake/spam " I hereby challenge to a public debate about the Twitter bot percentage. Let him prove to the publ? So it seems Good question, why aren?t they? Somehow I have 54 followers " Good summary of the problem. If Twitter simply provides their method of sampling 100 accounts and how the? I love the smell of hydraulic fluid in the morning At launch pad Moving rocket to launch pad Twitter has spoken ? FSD Beta 10.69 drops on 8/20 Yeah, not cool Saxon James Musk Growing at 50%/year requires an insane amount of work, but is achievable with outstanding execution Maybe investment in automation? Seems high This release will be big True Quite the day " Yes. In the (hopefully unlikely) event that Twitter forces this deal to close *and* some equity pa? Tesla Fremont team is kicking a**! SpaceX Falcon team is ?????? Happens to almost everyone 8 years ago Coming soon. Part 3 is about scaling sustainable energy at a civilizational level to enable a bright future for Earth. Tesla 500 mile range Semi Truck starts shipping this year, Cybertruck next year Wrote this 6 years ago About to attempt long duration engine firing to test autogenous pressurization Starship B7 static fire True. I already get audited every year by default. I think the approved language these days is ?height-challenged sellers? deep thot Thanks, but I already have one Because Tesla doesn?t advertise and other car companies do From Real Scam O?Dowd " ?The Guardian? swallows scam video hook, line ; sinker! There are no coincidences it?s a sticky situation They had a good run! Humanity has a long way to go to equal their time on Earth. This will be Mars one day but have u seen my sex tape Ahem Would be pretty wild if a ?car company? made the most powerful supercomputer on Earth ? We?ll phase in Dojo. Won?t need to buy as many incremental GPUs next year. Waitlist is too long. Will enable again as we ramp production. Adding the 13 inner engines Yikes Another orbital plane of polar satellites Strange that this receives very little attention in the media 400k from one border crossing in less than a year? Congrats Giga Shanghai on making millionth car! Total Teslas made now over 3M. Production is a much bigger challenge than demand I hope there is a self-sustaining city on Mars in 20 years! Just Read The Instructions Yes. Tesla Autopilot/AI team is doing amazing work! 10.69 will be worth its name. Mercury, the forbidden candy Almost all of Earth?s energy comes from the sun already ? we would be a dark iceball at near absolute? Although, if it were any team, it would be Man U. They were my fav team as a kid. Standup is my side-hustle And I?m not buying Coca-Cola to put the cocaine back in, despite the extreme popularity of such a move No, this is a long-running joke on Twitter. I?m not buying any sports teams. Got to build those YouTube subscriptions! Note, we are trying to reduce delivery times as quickly as possible. Long wait times are not a good thing. Yeah, that?s what I mean Also, I?m buying Manchester United ur welcome The downside of elf ear surgery probably outweighs the upside To be clear, I support the left half of the Republican Party and the right half of the Democratic Party! Reasonably accurate translation ?? ok we?ll turn it on For some reason, I just agree with that guy so much! ?? This Magic Moment ?? *shall I will seek out one of these ?Mars Bars? tomorrow! Being a Mom is just as important as any career Highly Recommend Those are the questions that Twitter is doing everything possible to avoid answering ? Modifying your car after delivery is legal in America, so yes ?? That said, we will add autoconfigure to side mirrors Side mirrors cause ~5% range reduction at highway speed Yes, but side mirrors won?t be needed in a self-driving future Might need a new PO Box after tweeting this ?? Nice letter from Bill Nix, who would?ve been my prof at Stanford if I hadn?t put grad studies on (permanent) deferm? " Each fairing half is a fully capable reentry vehicle with its own thrusters, thermal protection, avionics ; sensor suite" Free Willy was never free ?? Still so grateful ?? " There are many major code changes, so this will be an extra cautious rollout. Releasing o? Entropy Worth hearing about Tesla Autopilot software/AI progress As mentioned previously, this is a major release, so we need to be cautious. Goes out to ~1000 Beta participants later today. "Neuralink progress update show ; tell on October 31 st (Halloween)" "2 main goals this year: - Starship to orbit - FSD wide release Many other things, of course, but those are the 2? It is the fastest way to get between one downtown and another with known physics (and the Standard Model is proving quiet resilient)! "Would be cool to do a (much simplified) Hyperloop demo tunnel between maybe Austin ; San Antonio?" Now tunnels are in active use in Vegas. Try it if you?re in town. Will be expanding to connect all m? Funny how there are often simultaneous reactions saying ?it?s impossible? and ?it was already done 3000 years ago? Glad it?s working out! Thanks for giving us this tough case to solve. That?s what field testin? Just wanted to emphasize again that our awesome Tesla software/AI team is who really deserves? Note, you can upgrade your existing car to FSD in 2 mins via the Tesla app "After wide release of FSD Beta 10.69.2, price of FSD will rise to $15k in North America on September 5th. Current? "FSD Beta 10.69 started rolling out to Tesla owners last night. This build is a big step forward! 10.69.1 probably? Tesla Autopilot/AI team did great work with 10.69! Some point releases needed for polish, so 10.69.2 should really shine. The course of civilization is not always upward True Mechazilla loads Starship on launchpad 10.69 is in limited release for a reason. Please do not ask to be included in early beta releases and then complain. So spam prevalence *was* shared with the board, but the board chose not disclose that to the public ? Important thread In case anyone feels like buying a fine whistle ? Yet another ?verified??? You?re waking up in the morning!? I would gladly obey their commands, but I can?t tell what they?re saying! I do not doubt that. Criticism, public or private, is welcome after we go to wide beta? No. Let me make something clear: James contacted me directly to be included in *early*? This is something special (And I do think global warming is a major risk) Mark these words Population collapse due to low birth rates is a much bigger risk to civilization than global warming Good summary "Note, connectivity will be 2 to 4 Mbits per cell zone, so will work great for texting ; voice calls, but not high bandwidth" Starlink V2, launching next year, will transmit direct to mobile phones, eliminating dead zones worldwide Livestream of big news in about an hour 10.69.1 releases Monday night. 10.69.2 about a week or so later ? this will be the wide beta version. Ron Barron is awesome ?? ?? crazy The caffeine one is most troubling Some are indeed sadly anti-human "Countries should be increasing nuclear power generation! It is insane from a national security standpoint ; bad for? It is safe to say that our output will not exceed the mass of the known universe " Similarly high cycle life with nickel cathode is possible if optimizing for that. Adding silicon to? True That, plus pessimism about the future / false overpopulation fears "Please share some things in this thread which are working for you in life ; that others may find helpful!" Yeah, I lift a little ? Over 20 lbs down from my (unhealthy) peak weight From time to time, I will share some things that seem to be working for me, in case you find it helpful The Zero fasting app is quite good "On advice of a good friend, I?ve been fasting periodically ; feel healthier" Yes, but I?ve done a lot with the place! gnus news snooze Coming Ares " What do you call a Great Dane eating a small piece of ham in a tiny village? Hamlet eating hamlet i? "Squeezing extra performance out of Falcon 9 ? almost at 17 metric tons to an actual useful orbit with booster ; fai? Maybe it?s times for new roman " Getting to orbit ; back is harder than it may seem" It?s true Ancient times It will grow by at least 5 to 10 meters over time " First few days, just 1k owners, but going to 10k if no major issues. Note, 10.69.2, hopefully goin? Good to ask yourself this often " Agreed, we recently made this change ; many others. An intense effort is underway to achieve robust? This will happen again ? just a matter of time Godspeed Artemis! The swoop of the X is meant to represent the rocket?s arc to orbit Hopefully, this week " I somewhat agonized over the Tesla ; SpaceX font design (love fonts tbh). There are s? Wise actions Diet Coke is amazing You can almost hear that snap of the rubber glove before chess match cavity searches ? My version of Occam?s Razor: most entertaining outcome is most likely ? ?Talent hits a target no one else can hit, genius hits a target no one can see (cause it?s in ur butt)? ? Schopenha? 10.69.2 goes out to 100k owners next week Spent the day walking entire Giga Berlin production line ? team is doing excellent work! " 10.69.1 is even better. We reduced latency ; jitter in hardware command loop, so? Kickass Internet connection coming Royal Caribbean ships soon! On a $/bot basis, this deal is awesome "Sure sounds higher than 5%! I intend to do so as soon as possible Yeah, aiming for up to 100 flights next year Now launching every ~5 days Hope Connor is ok! Moody?s is irrelevant . invited me to open for one of his shows. Thanks Chris! I will try not to flounder too much. Yes, also very important Accurate assessment. Raptor design started out using H2, but switched to CH4. Latter is best combo of? Important. South Korea is currently tracking to lose about half its population roughly every generation. Lo? Peter Jackson did excellent work with Lord of the Rings. The Hobbit was stretched too long for a short book. For now, supply is too low, but ordering a Powerwall by itself should be possible end of year Cool Order a Tesla Powerwall battery for blackout protection! And 90% of my comments are bots ?? Almost every male character so far is a coward, a jerk or both. Only Galadriel is brave, smart and nice. Release of 10.69.2 probably end of week. Needs a bit more polish. Tolkien is turning in his grave 10.69.2 has a relatively small number of code changes, but their practical effect will be significant More Starlinks reach orbit It will probably help proportionate to the cost of raising children ?That?s not punny!? More solar + batteries needed. Batteries are great at dealing with peak demand. I accept 99% of cookies, but ?? if choc chip If Twitter put as much effort into bot/spam removal as they do into subpoenas, we wouldn?t have this p? We have advised all potential witnesses to provide full cooperation to the court, but we do not control their actions Read the actual ruling. We had zero to do with David Sack?s response. Zero. Those who claim any criticism of Rings of Power means you?re racist are outing themselves as closet racists We?ve had some promising conversations with Apple about Starlink connectivity. iPhone team? Note, I am putting a lot of time personally into advancing Tesla service to make it awesome.? You?re right, we should credit Tesla owners $100 if we change appointments with less than 24 hours n? Lot of people still don?t realize Tesla makes uninterruptible power supplies for your whole home (Powerwall) And remember ?? This thread brings back a lot of memories ? The primary solution to a sustainable energy future is solar/wind with batteries for when sun doesn?? Fusion would be expensive energy, given difficulty of obtaining and transporting source fuel, plus m? Only 64 squares, no fog of war, no tech tree, only a few different pieces,no random spawn. Chess is? Interesting ? Bot block party Assuming 25% efficient PV cells at 0.8 surface coverage " Exactly. Ecosystem is almost entirely dependent on the sun already. Civil? Yup, there?s a reason we do static fires! Much better to break things on the ground than en route to orbit. " Solar panels, ground mount ; rooftop, paired with stationary batteries, will be civiliz? I love the graffiti art at Giga Berlin! " So much empty land ; only a tiny percentage needed to power entire country!" It?s looking good so far Indeed Internal beta rollout tonight, wider tomorrow It?s coming! Take Materials Science 101. You won?t regret it. A major Fed rate hike risks deflation Please lmk when that happens Absolutely, the Tesla fleet in Australia is growing rapidly, so we do need to ramp up service in general "Tesla North America aiming for &gt;50% same hour service" " Nice. I?m dressing up as a sink ; knocking on random doors. Once they see me, they will have? One of our most complex missions Falcon arching to orbit No obvious limit to rocket reflight so far Instagram is an envy amplifier " Team found a bug causing an 8% delay in detecting pedestrians at &gt;50m. That?s been fixed, so rolling out tonight." That?s pretty accurate Astronomy too I guess we could make Joe mode quieter Still doing same thing, but bigger Looks good to roll out to all Tesla owners with 10.12.2 (~100k cars)! That is probably the right order of magnitude " Real-world validation ; billions of miles of real-world training are what will make FSD superhuman" Sigh FSD Beta 10.69.2 rolling out now. Please note that top priority is safety, so expect it to be overly cautious, espe? There is appetite for an infinite number of interesting tweets Take a moment to ? The residual value of gasoline cars bought today will be much lower than people think " Supercharger centers with solar ; batteries are the long-term vision" Won?t be long before we view gasoline cars the same way we view steam engines today Socrates can be a little boring tbh Our view of reality is always wrong, just a question of how wrong Salted butter is amazing, but should be stored at room temperature Drop 0.25% Exactly, this is neither subtle nor secret Layers upon layers of neural nets, ever higher Subtle ?? Note, we are working on making the whistle sound much louder But u have to pay in Doge "Blow the whistle! True Could be worse Fair point Good thread Sounds pretty bad Please fix , , My tweets are being suppressed! "This says it all: ?None of the members of the Stripe chat who spoke with me said that they accepted payment or agre? Anyone know who the secret clients are? Let?s out them on Twitter rn haha. Absolutely True I?m testing it today in Palo Alto Rome show is underappreciated This was harder than reaching volume production, which was insanely hard Beta expanding to safety scores above 80 after 10.69.2.1 goes out 10.69.2.1 coming out in a few days with additional polish, 10.69.3 comes out shortly after AI Day or their short shorts Hyperloop could do that trip in less than half an hour Looks like they?re fighting an actual fire demon! to help mend the fault in our stars It will be later this year when laser links activate on polar constellation Starlink is meant for peaceful use only Is it really true that four-year-olds are receiving hormone treatment? " Technically true, but Earth?s economy is extremely far from physical limits. Ener? True " Starship will be an incredible enabler for science. Full reusability ; high produc? Should be Alexander, the Greatest. After all, is there a better Alexander? Chamber pressure looked good on all 7 engines Yes, seven engine static fire There is too much latency in Fed decisions. Problematic in a fast-changing world. Tunnels ftw Yes, the fundamental error is reasoning by analogy, rather than first principles "starry, starry night paint your palette blue and gray "Starlink is now active on all continents, including Antarctica Another batch with lasers reaches orbit . what?s going on? Such miracles are impossible That?s a real picture? Absolutely Unsurprisingly, Reich is also a hypocrite Reich is suicidally boring You both an idiot and a liar Curiouser and curiouser ? Same Happy birthday bro, love you " Yes, all US ; Canada cars with safety scores above 80 should receive an invitation to? Note, Autopilot/AI team is also working on Optimus and (actually smart) summon/auto? Next month Starlink will ask for an exemption to Iranian sanctions in this regard Looking forward to providing Starlink service to the people of Zambia! Car will move on tighter gaps as we enhance NN velocity predictions for crossing traffic. 10.6? "FSD Beta 10.69.2.1 looks good, extending to 160k owners in US ; Canada" Profoundly important concept Great for clearing dust! " Booster 7 now returns to high bay for robustness upgrades ; booster 8 moves to pad? 7 engine static fire Shaded patio Actually, I live in a little house on Weems St that cost ~$50k (but I?ve done a lot with the place!) Aka cogency Looks awesome ?? Maybe little electric Tesla boats with a retro-futuristic Victorian design Long-term goal is a boardwalk with amenities that goes all the way to downtown Austin, so you can walk, bike or kayak " Area from south Giga to river really will be next-level great ; open to public!" Ecological paradise plans from south portion of Giga Texas to river look great, however we? I was instrumental in creating OpenAI, which made DALL-E Although his methods of instruction very strongly fa? Boys High was a good school, but it was government,? For sure " Errol ran out of money in the 90?s. My brother ; I f? This is true With some improvements, it will achieve 300 Mps Incorrect. There was tuition for students from outsi? I went to government schools, not private, except fo? Probably Q2 next year, with vehicles initia? That?s the plan. We?re taking a? Late next month maybe, but November seems h? Our focus is on reliability upgrades for flight on Booster? Exactly Seems that way Education is the path out of poverty and Internet access enables education Exactly Starlink connecting schools in the Amazon It is Why is this a PopMech story? Yup (sigh) Fully reusable orbital rockets are the fundamental breakthrough needed for humanity to become a multiplanet species " The terminology is outdated ; inaccurate. This is a tiny over-the-ai? Your car needs a camera upgrade, which is free of charge. There are a fe? While (!pheromone) {} Siegel is obviously correct Activating Starlink ? Charming ? Starlink now over 1M user terminals manufactured Please vote in this poll! ???????? Even then, Lenin would?ve gotten nowhere without Ludendorff?s train I guess this joke is a slow burn ? ?? Big improvement in high speed cross-traffic velocity NN coming next month Maybe worth talking at some point Make ?hair on fire? not just a metaphor Stand out in a crowd! Get noticed as you walk through the airport! Coming soon from , the same people that sold you a Flamethrower ?Burnt Hair? ? Scent for Men by Singed I?m a little preoccupied rn Batteries ftw Good point "My son, Saxon, was amazed that so many paper newspapers are still produced every day. He said they probably just? "Falcon 9 fairing cam captures 2nd stage plume, booster entry burn ; Earth in twilight Pretty much. AI/robotics engineers who understand what problems need to be solved will like what they see. " There will be lots of technical detail ; cool hardware demos" Good analysis Rated for 280+ kph (174+ mph) winds "Starlink Maritime system enables high speed Internet connectivity even in heavy seas ; hurricane winds Last coal shipment arrived in Hawaii at same time as Tesla Megapack batteries that will enable 24/7 sustainable ene? Still very tiny potatoes compared to what?s needed to make life multiplanetary SpaceX now delivering about twice as much payload to orbit as rest of world combined Extremely concerning How ironic, that?s what Henrik Fisker did to Tesla in 2007! Karma is a ? They need to add a lot of batteries to the grid to buffer energy True Needs be able to get from Starbase to South Padre Island, which requires crossing the channel Off-label use ?? "Cybertruck will be waterproof enough to serve briefly as a boat, so it can cross rivers, lakes ; even seas that aren?t too choppy" Submarines use electric motors under water ? Works on land too "As well as advanced chip ; supercomputer engineers for next-gen training ; inference" "Note, this event is meant for recruiting AI ; robotics engineers, so will be highly technical Naturally, there will be a catgirl version of our Optimus robot "The point of AI Day is to show the immense depth ; breadth of Tesla in AI, compute hardware ; robotics" Should be according to greatest need, not race or anything else Webcast link Tesla AI Day 2022 starts at precisely 6:15pm California time Tesla team is awesome, such an honor to work with them! That is not cgi The hands of Optimus I still love the 747. Epic plane. Such an incredible engine! Exactly "Recording of Tesla AI Day 2022 Join A little That and giving it a brain And Wegovy Fasting Uh oh, mine must be tiny! The embarrassing hose down photos were highly motivating tbh Tunneled under the road from one property to another. This is to test the new machine. Unfortunately, snail is still faster, but TBC might beat snail by end of 2024 Prufrock II emerging from the ground But between now and then, we do actually need to work hard I don?t care about boosting the stock, but the economic implications are obvious Do not let ancient grudge break to new mutiny So many talented Russians in America Customer experience suffers when there is an end of quarter rush. Steady as she goes is the right move. War always gives ample reason for vengeance for all sides. Only by overcoming this instinct can there be peace. " Smoothing out crazy end of quarter delivery wave to reduce expedite costs ; relieve stress on Tesla? It?s funny reading simultaneous criticism that it?s already been done, but also it?s impossible ?? Thanks, we have a great team Beautiful A small number of terminals were paid for by the govt, vast majority were not. This is ju? I still very much support Ukraine, but am convinced that massive escalation of the war will cause grea? " We gave Starlinks to Ukraine ; lost $80M+ in doing so, while putting SpaceX ; myself at serious risk of? " SpaceX?s out of pocket cost to enable ; support Starlink in Ukraine is ~$80M so far. Our support for Ru? In other news, remote controlled anal beads sold out everywhere That referendum was questionable, which is why I suggested repeating it un? Great, offer a UN supervised vote and if Russia refuses, then war it is Maybe a similar approach to Kosovo No, I?m suggesting voting under UN (or pick your most trusted entity or country) supervision Russia is doing partial mobilization. They go to full war mobilization if Crimea is at risk. Death o? " You are assuming that I wish to be popular. I don?t care. I do care that millions of people may die? "Let?s try this then: the will of the people who live in the Donbas ; Crimea should decide whether they?re part of Russia or Ukraine" Cheese is amazing Indeed. Biggest bot attack I?ve ever seen. The bot attack on this poll is strong! The will of the people should decide whether they are part of Russia or Ukraine, but Russia invaded a? Also worth noting that a possible, albeit unlikely, outcome from this conflict is nuclear war This is highly likely to be the outcome in the end ? just a question of how many die before then "Ukraine-Russia Peace: - Redo elections of annexed regions under UN supervision. Russia leaves if that is will of t? That is my assessment too " Well-said! Also, we try to operate the team as non-hierarchically as possible ; allow movement between p? I?m trying my hardest! Perhaps more people might consider loving? Optimus will be sickkk " Would be cool to make a game using Tesla Sim that?s literally your city ; neighborhood, down to skid? Occasionally And people wonder why I sometimes think we?re in a simulation ? 144 trillion operations per second Twitter probably accelerates X by 3 to 5 years, but I could be wrong Buying Twitter is an accelerant to creating X, the everything app Should be noted that Starlink is still far from cash flow positive. All LEO communications constella? That wouldn?t be hard to do Twitter is an accelerant to fulfilling the original vision " I do not think it is simple at all, but I have yet to hear any realistic path to peace. Ukraine h? 10.69.3 will actually be a major upgrade. We?re keeping .69 just because haha. Starlink view of 2nd stage deorbit burn I will try my best I?m a big fan of Ukraine, but not of WW3 " Cute. You can get surprisingly close to a wild baby rhino ; Mom if you stay downwind." There are no angels in war. Accurate assessment Correct So they?re saying that not buying Twitter is bad, but also buying Twitter is bad!? We talked via videoconference last year War is the ultimate Supreme Court Kherson and Zaporizhzhia almost certainly do not want to join Russia ? annexation of thos? Obviously, not everyone who voted for the pro-Russia party wanted to join Russia, but it would als? Below is the electoral map of 2012. Blue is the pro-Russia party. Assuming you believe that the will of the people matters, we should, in any given conflict region,? " First of all, Tesla hasn?t had that consumer tax credit for years ; we didn?t ask for this one ? GM ; Ford did" Another batch of Starlinks in orbit, 7 hours after the astronaut launch Can?t wait to see this beast in action! Even better build coming next week Quite a few. Trying to? I am in regular contact with Fedorov Bad reporting by FT. This article falsely claims that Starlink termin? Starlink will provide the vast majority of bandwidth from space " You?d need an electric propeller mounted on the tow hitch to go faster than a few knots. There m? Norway rocks! ???? ???? ???? "In case you missed Tesla AI Day 2022 Satellite constellation capability comes down to tonnage to orbit per year times capability per ton SpaceX Dragon docking with (extended video) Very intense 7 days indeed Personally, I like the latter, but to each their own " I think being able to dial the content you see from ?warm ; fuzzy? all the way? " Software engineering, server operations ; design will rule the roost" There will be very rapid product evolution "500 mile range ; super fun to drive" Excited to announce start of production of Tesla Semi Truck with deliveries to on Dec 1st! Tiny helium leak (just barely triggered abort), but we take no risks with customer satellites. Sta? Agreed Plot twist! Elon liking his own tweets liking his own tweets ? Dragon is now docked to Video Welcome back to Twitter, my friend! Dojo uses bf16, so actual performance difference vs 64 bit is much less than it would seem, since you tr? Two Dragons on It will Strange I have no desire to become involved in wars, but it is safe to say that all bets are off if the nukes start flying Strong candidate to win most counter-intuitive product of the year! Important to bear in mind when reading anything " Indeed, that kinetic energy scales with the square of velocity is not well-appreciated! A sealed escape? So many blind spots There are ~25k terminals in Ukraine, but each terminal can be used to provide an Internet u? Coming soon from The Yup, it will float Too busy trying to survive at the time They were invited to further their career elsewhere There is a giant 30ft (literal) fork in the road outside the Autopilot office in Palo Alto I love the inverse poetry of making metaphors literal That is quite an interesting story. We sent what appeared to be identical emails to all, but each wa? Because it runs recursively Nuclear war probability is rising rapidly An eye for an eye leaves everyone blind Perhaps we can talk again today? True, Starlink provided a decisive battlefield advantage I?ve been up all night trying to think of any possible way to de-escalate this war Feels so long ago. A pleasant memory :) Double-header Agreed Beautiful Not subtle Sam, there is a such a thing as meditating too much Yes, back to regularly scheduled programming Pointless, as there is currently no overlap between Russian and Ukrainian demands ? it?s not even close No, it is not. I have spoken to Putin only once and that was about 18 months ago. The subject matter was space. " Talked to ye today ; expressed my concerns about his recent tweet, which I think he took to heart" " It was built ; paid for at my request. Hunter ; team did great work." Cool Maybe with .3 This is real ?? ?My opinion is Burnt Hair is just Elon saying, chill out, have a laugh, and share a laugh.? Oh the irony ???? We might need a different name, as this is basically just Starlink with roaming capability, so you can take your te? The counter-intuitive thing is that it?s actually gonna be a sick product! Please buy my perfume, so I can buy Twitter And right on cue ???? ? You?re most welcome. Glad to support Ukraine. Doesn?t get more lit than this! BE the change you want in the world! Can?t wait for media stories tomorrow about $1M of Burnt Hair sold ?? 10,000 bottles of Burnt Hair sold! Over 5000 bottles of Burnt Hair sold! With a name like mine, getting into the fragrance business was inevitable ? why did I even fight it for so long!? And you can pay with Doge! "The finest fragrance on Earth! Nobody should trust Bremmer Maybe one day we can finally achieve "The next question one is typically asked is ?Have you tried ayahuasca?? Vital to the future of consciousness srsly Next week Envy has driven him to madness Starlink requires nothing except ~50 Watt power source. With a small solar system plus battery or a ge? True There are some active terminals Of course, this happens almost every day. They successfully destroyed Viasa? " Starlink has faced relentless jamming attacks ; SpaceX relentless cyberwar.? Noted Starlink data usage growth in Ukraine People should never fear turbulence. Commercial airliner wings can handle insane amounts of bending. The right question to ask We?re just following his recommendation ????? Falcon can probably get Starlink past breakeven, but Starship is needed to fund Mars " In addition to terminals, we have to create, launch, maintain ; replenish sat? Also, Starlink is still losing money! It is insanely difficult for a LEO communications constellatio? Maybe the ?? got their ?? Very few in Iran so far " Strange that nothing was leaked about our competitors in space launch ; communications, Lockheed ; B? SpaceX is not asking to recoup past expenses, but also cannot fund the existing system indef? Curses, foiled again! Accurate " Russia has the ability to destroy USA ; Europe utterly with nuclear missiles in less than 30 minutes ;? This has potential " Internet fiber, phone lines, cell towers ; other space-based comms? Thank you for clarifying this ???????? Starlink is the primary communications system of the? " Big difference between peace comms vs warfront comms. Starlink is? Concerning Are there citizens of nations who are helping Ukraine on this list? " But surely no reasonable person would launch nuclear war? The problem with that logic is if we were d? Is this list real? What?s the URL? We are proceeding very carefully. If there is a RUD on the pad, Starship progress will be set back by ~6 months. Game over when (not if) Earth gets hit by an object of that size Used a lot in rocketry So true Every millipede has its millennia We should bring back their outfits Good thread Fancy a game of meme tennis? Buy Burnt Hair from a company that digs holes! I read this as goth clowns lonely Did you hear about the dyslexic KBG agent ? it?s pot secret! Venn diagram intersection of those two audiences is pretty small, I guess Not as popular as I?d hoped (sigh) "Pitching my idea once again for a crossover of Das Boot ; Boss Baby. ?Das Baby? ? Hijinks on the high seas! Just a scratch, we can buff it out Mostly accurate The comments in this thread are a conspiracy theorist?s wet dream 7 years ago Definitely one of the strangest meetings I?ve ever experienced. was there too. I?m trying my hardest to de-escalate this situation and obviously failing Damned if you do, damned if you don?t, so ? guess I?m just damned " Starship ; next-gen Starlink satellites are key, but much risk lies ahead before those are working at scale" The hilarious thing is you?re not wrong ?? So it goes ? Fate loves irony Even so, we should still do good deeds "The hell with it ? even though Starlink is still losing money ; other companies are getting billions of taxpayer $,? That dude is not just a ?condition of anonymity? spineless coward, he?s also an ignorant fool. Star? It has required a lot of our resources. Going into super lockdown mode slows? DoD provided about 3% of the Falcon 1 development cost. Appreciated, certainly, but should be seen in context. Of course. And their signal jamming systems are also getting better. The amount SpaceX is requesting for a major battlefield advantage is less than the cost of one new GPS? Would be great if someday humanity stopped pointing nukes at itself that would destroy almost all life? Wrong analogy. America also had a humiliating withdra? Probably not Practice makes perfect ? Russia has been punched in the nose and forced to retreat many ti? Obviously many disagree with this logic, but what do they think is their probability of b? But, hey, look on the bright side! At least Russia doesn?t get Crimea in that scenario, s? If Russia faces destruction of their army and utter defeat by NATO, they will use nukes,? " Whether one likes it or not, Crimea is absolutely seen as a core part of Russia by Russia. Crimea? Exactly If Russia is faced with the choice of losing Crimea or using battlefield nukes, they will choose the? Exceptionally well-said " Standard (non-performance) 3 ; Y suspension in production now has improve? " Yeah, RV version is lower priority than standard version. You should still? Ok, we will add a donate option to Starlink That?s oddly low. Normally, much higher. Are there others that want to donate Starlinks to places in need? ?? that?s happened to me many times A much quieter leaf blower is possible This is harder than it sounds, but ok (Actually) Smart Summon is almost done I have a plan Thanks Optimus :) To be precise, 25,300 terminals were sent to Ukraine, but, at present, only 10,630 are paying for service SpaceX has already withdrawn its request for funding Awesome We even did a Starlink video call on one airplane aloft to Starlink on another, far away, airplane aloft and it wor? Several major architectural upgrades in 10.69.3, so it?s much more than a point release, but w? Sounds fair Definitely giving me kid naming ideas ?? And ? sold out! Internet in airplanes will feel same as if you were accessing Internet at home! "28,700 bottles of exquisite Burnt Hair perfume already sold! Only 1,300 left of this unique, limited edition, col? We?re working on it. Hope to release something next week. " No money from DoD, but several other countries, orgs ; individuals are paying for ~11k/25k terminals (? " Smart? Maybe. Does dumb stuff? Definitely!" True Exactly Should I make weapons? Ideally, not. An easy prediction "Drone War I Same Exactly SpaceX has more active satellites in orbit than rest of Earth combined, tracking to double rest of Earth soon The media reports with great fanfare my predictions that are late, but rarely those that come early Accelerating sustainable energy is our primary mission Will require truly exceptional execution, but it is possible I will not let you down, no matter what it takes You?re right. Eventually, we all run out of time. Only Giga Berlin can make these colors, as paint shop was specially built to apply many fine layers of paint, givin? " Varies a lot. Tesla ; SpaceX are in good positions, but many other companies are not. Re? Those who want Putin removed are laboring under the misappre? Russia overrunning Ukraine would destabilize the entire region, perhaps the world If Russia faced calamitous defeat in conventional warfare for something as strategically c? I do. Yes. Still very unlikely, but this is the closest we?ve been since Cuba in ?62 Just guessing, but probably until spring of ?24 It sure would be nice to have one year without a horrible global event ?Brutal for both sides? will be a common phrase in the months to come No way Maybe Certainly warrants closer scrutiny Btw, how?s it going in Bakhmut? Pretty good troll tbh I couldn?t agree more ?? British humor is the best Compromise is overwhelmingly the most likely outcome ? just a question of how much d? That should be the nature of the debate " Most probable outcome by far is a horrible war of attrition that destroys Ukraine ; severely d? Exactly Congrats to team on 48th launch this year! Falcon 9 now holds record for most launches of a single vehicle type in a year. There is a tiny possibility there might be more to this story than meets the eye It will happen Hear! Hear! " Why are you perpetuating propaganda concocted by the oil ; gas industry to distract you from the 6 tr? " Switzerland ; Belgium have great chocolate, but I do also love eccentric British ; Irish artisanal sweet shops" Good thread Next week. It?s actually a major release, so a lot more internal testing is needed before going to public beta. Cool " ???? Although there could be more R ;D in candy tbh. Feels like there hasn?t been much improvement in decades." Headline is misleading. Starlink can obviously offer far more robust positioning than GPS, as it wil? One of my favorite conspiracy theories is that the world is actually 80% men un ass ailable logic! Great game Maybe it was a social media algorithm, not even people Think about who might have decided ?The Current Thing? before accepting it "Who decides ?The Current Thing?? Real question. I don?t know." Exactly. WaPo are such hypocrites. "Neuralink show ; tell now on Nov 30" Had to be done We?ve come a long way "i know |nothing| is forever" Good point ?? This needs to change. Manufacturing is awesome! " How exciting to be alive at the same time as the largest animal ever! Wild that? You?re most welcome Before DoD even came back with an answer, I told that SpaceX would not? Absolutely! Interesting Fasting rocks Had to do a double-take. This is the first non-fake Vitalik tweet I?ve seen in a while. One man?s hedge is another man?s shrub True Too much respect for authority inhibits innovation What lesson took you the longest to unlearn? Twitter should be as broadly inclusive as possible, serving as a fair forum for lively, even if occasi? Absolutely necessary Important Exactly! Yeah, doesn?t make sense Good thread I only play crazy 9?s ? Yeah, I?m back to spare bedroom /couch surfing at friend?s houses in Silicon Val? I did as a child, but found it to be too simple to be useful in real life: a? And I don?t even own a house, let alone a ?mansion?, you douche While it?s true that Kasparov is almost as good at playing chess as my iPhone, he is otherwise an idiot Nobody bats 1000 ????? A beautiful thing about Twitter is how it empowers citizen journalism ? people are able to disseminate news without an establishment bias I?m a big fan of citizen journalism! ?According to unnamed sources close to the matter who wish to remain anonymous? ???? ?The New York Times has emerged as a new, chaotic actor in global politics. The paper?s interventions in some of th? 30% is a lot Concerning Works on any moving land object Absolutely Dear Twitter Advertisers Meeting a lot of cool people at Twitter today! Entering Twitter HQ ? let that sink in! " Definitely closer to citizen journalism ? local news orgs are under-appreciated ; should get way more prominence on Twitter" Ye?s account was restored by Twitter before the acquisition. They did not consult with or inform me. "Twitter will be forming a content moderation council with widely diverse viewpoints. No major content decisions o? Cool! First I?ve heard ?? let the good times roll ?? I will be digging in more today the bird is freed Falcon rockets to orbit as seen from LA ?? thanks "Finally, the truth that carbs are amazing can be said on this platform! " "Fresh baked bread ; pastries are some of the great joys of life" " Good point. Being able to select which version of Twitter you want is probably better, much as it would b? One of the best trolls ever ???? Something like this makes sense Ace reporting by ???? To be super clear, we have not yet made any changes to Twitter?s content moderation policies Sorry about that. Fixing as fast as possible! Ligma Johnson had it coming ?? ?? " Anyone suspended for minor ; dubious reasons will be freed from Twitter jail" Comedy is now legal on Twitter Tweeps will be twits going forward, as the latter has vastly more gravitas Pretty much There seem to be 10 people ?managing? for every one person coding But Management 201 is such a tantalizing carrot ? My title is Chief Twit right there in the bio. No idea who the CEO is. So demanding to allow a mere 30 days to learn this priceless information! Just received this email from Twitter. This is an actual, real email that was autogenerated ???? I will look into this. Twitter should be even-handed, favoring neither side. Absolutely d(he)ll Andrej will always be welcome at Tesla If I had a dollar for every time someone asked me if Trump is coming back on this platform, Twitter would be minting money! The Guardian used to have balance (moderately left) and integrity, but now it is a far left wing propaganda? Oh no, all our diabolical plans have been revealed!! What could we do to make it better than TikTok? Interesting He sucks!!! Bring back Vine? We?ve all made some questionable tweets, me more than most, but I want to be clear that I support Yoel? "Wachtell ; Twitter board deliberately hid this evidence from the court. Stay tuned, more to come ? All news has bias, some more than others This is fake ? I did *not* tweet out a link to The New York Times! I?ve now been through so many hero to villain cycles I?ve lost count What an incredible creature! The whole verification process is being revamped right now This is false Sonic BOOMS!! Falcon Heavy launch in ~30 mins " I will explain the rationale in longer form before this is implemented. It is the only way to defeat the bots ; trolls." We need to pay the bills somehow! Twitter cannot rely entirely on advertisers. How about $8? Halloween with my Mom I confess, it?s all my fault " I recommend following for the most accurate understanding of what?s happening with trust ; safety at Twitter" I hate sarcasm so much you can?t believe it For now Definitely Looking into it This is just temporary ? Twitter has had a massive drop in revenue, due to activist groups pressuring advertisers, even though nothing has c? Absolutely That assessment is more accurate than most people realize " Unsure if confirming or denying that I?m an alien is more convincing that I?m an alien" maybe we?re already in it I?m an alien trying to get back to my home planet There are in fact 2 agendas Tiny talk is talk so small it feels like it?s coming from your own mind What can I say? It was a naked abuse of power. Why is small talk even legal!? A neuron doesn?t realize it?s a neuron Pretty much, or at least one of the hive minds ? with a lot of room for improvement Because it consists of billions of bidirectional interactions per day, Twitter can be thought of as a collective, c? True, Twitter has amazing content in Japan ? roughly half of all adults online ? but it?s al? Your feedback is appreciated, now pay $8 Advertisers should support: Twitter is simply the most interesting place on the Internet. That?s why you?re reading this tweet right now. The system is working ?? "Being attacked by both right ; left simultaneously is a good sign" Quite a few companies like this Works every time Capital allocation should be done by those best at doing so Still a fair bit of polish to be done on 69.3. It?s a major release posing as a minor release. Some good ideas here you get what you pay for If verified accounts violate terms of service, eg spam/scam/impersonation, they?ll be suspended, but Twitte? Thanks Michael Absolutely agreed that the Twitter safety board should have people from all viewpoints Exactly! " The community notes feature is awesome. Our goal is to make Twitter the most accurate source of inform? ? ? Talked to civil society leaders , , , ,? I think so Exactly! Twitter speaks to the inner masochist in all of us It?s the user?s own setting that did this "Totally stole idea of charging for insults ; arguments from Monty Python tbh To all complainers, please continue complaining, but it will cost $8 That already happens very frequently Falcon Heavy is a testament to the awesomeness of humanity Sounds like a good idea There will be a secondary tag below the name for someone who is a public figure, which is already the case for politicians Yes, this will destroy the bots. If a paid Blue account engages in spam/scam, that account will be suspende? Absolutely essential. Creators need to make a living! This will also give Twitter a revenue stream to reward content creators Exactly And paywall bypass for publishers willing to work with us "You will also get: - Priority in replies, mentions ; search, which is essential to defeat spam/scam - Ability to po? Price adjusted by country proportionate to purchasing power parity "Twitter?s current lords ; peasants system for who has or doesn?t have a blue checkmark is bullshit. Power to the? Twitter drives a massive number of clicks to other websites/apps. Biggest click dri? Trash me all day, but it?ll cost $8 ?????? Power to the People ?????? I try my best " Thank you. A thermonuclear name ; shame is exactly what will happen if this continues." Regarding Twitter?s reduction in force, unfortunately there is no choice when the company is losing over $4M/day.? Twitter will not censor accurate information about anything "Again, to be crystal clear, Twitter?s strong commitment to content moderation remains absolutely unchanged. In fac? "Excellent summary of Twitter?s Trust ; Safety from the head of the team Hank, try a Google search ? Agreed. Working on it. And therefore Twitter should die? You?re right We can beat that Worth watching Fixing search is a high priority Noted to fix Search within Twitter reminds me of Infoseek in ?98! That will also get a lot better pronto. Interesting 42 mins to start, then several hours in a month or so We definitely need to incent people to do a lot more interactions on Twitter! We can do 42 min chunks at 1080 resolution now for new Blue, so you could break up a longer video.? Absolutely Hopefully, less than a month Absolutely Two weeks Something like that Followed by creator monetization for all forms of content Twitter will soon add ability to attach long-form text to tweets, ending absurdity of notepad screenshots True " Great question. Twitter will suspend the account attempting impersonation and keep the money! So i? This rocks So long as pay $8, please be my guest That is weirdly tricky due to the way Apple handles ?subscriptions?? Hot take: not everything AOC says is ?? accurate This feature is an absolute gamechanger for fighting mis/disinformation at scale As soon as we confirm it?s working well in the initial set of countries and we have the transl? Making great actuators for a humanoid robot is a surprisingly hard problem I still do a lot of work at Tesla! Was at our Palo Alto engineering office until late Thursday night w? Far too many legacy ?verified? checkmarks were handed out, often arbitrarily, so in reality they are *not? Correct Birdwatch (soon to be renamed Community Notes) has incredible potential for improving info? Hardcore Democrats or Republicans never vote for the other side, so independent voters are the ones who actually decide who?s in charge! "To independent-minded voters: Shared power curbs the worst excesses of both parties, therefore I recommend voting? But if Twitter is bird, that?s means ? ?? Back when birds were real How times have changed We do Twitter rules will evolve over time, but they?re currently the following: Birds haven?t been real since 1986 $8 for all Exactly Not everything needs to have ?bird? in the name! Too many bird groups fighting each internally other at Twitter. Angry Birds. Birdwatch gives me the creeps Community Notes aka But if she really wants her account back, she can have it Actually, she was suspended for impersonating a comedian At the end of the day, if Twitter is indeed the most accurate source of information, more people will use it As judged by the people of Twitter via Community Notes (formerly Birdwatch) Absolutely You represent the problem: journalists who think they are the only source of legitimate information. That?s the big lie. I will look into this Accurate My commitment to free speech extends even to not banning the account following my plane, even though that is a direct personal safety risk Twitter needs to become by far the most accurate source of information about the world. That?s our mission. " Twitter user numbers have increased significantly around the world since the deal was announced. And? No problem to use a pseudonym. The high-level principle is just that verified users can?t e? We are implementing additional safeguards to prevent impersonation, as well as collective? "Widespread verification will democratize journalism ; empower the voice of the people" No exceptions Any name change at all will cause temporary loss of verified checkmark Previously, we issued a warning before suspension, but now that we are rolling out widespread verification, there w? What censorship are you referring to? Going forward, any Twitter handles engaging in impersonation without clearly specifying ?parody? will be permanently suspended Politics is war and truth is the first casualty " While it?s true that I?ve been under unfair ; misleading attack for some time by leading Democr? Exactly Important thread I just hope the servers don?t melt! Twitter usage is at an all-time high lol And I?m open to the idea of voting Democrat again in the future To be clear, my historical party affiliation has been Independent, with an actual voting history of entirely Democrat until this year True Like most people in America, I agree with some of the Democrat and some of the Republican policies, but? When reality is indistinguishable from satire " It is borderline illegal to support Republicans in San Francisco! Even admitting you know some is pretty bad ??" Good point Twitter is the most interesting place on the Internet "Twitter is the worst! But also the best." Wow, this is messed up! Far too many corrupt legacy Blue ?verification? checkmarks exist, so no choice but to remove legacy Blue in coming months Indeed I love when people complain about Twitter ? on Twitter ???? I?m not seeing much spam in this reply Coming It?s working for me. That said, we can definitely make the verified mentions tab more usable. What does a tosh look like? Are you seeing far fewer bots/scams/spam? It?s awesome ?? Pretty funny though ???? Working on it! That?s coming You?re welcome! Rollout of new verified Blue is intentionally limited just to iOS in a few countries with very little pr? " In days to come, we?ll add granularity to verified badge, such as organizational affiliation ; ID verification" We are changing the text to say ?Legacy Verified. Could be notable, but could also be bogus.? Subscription Blue is better than legacy Blue. I switched over. The goal of Twitter DMs is to superset Signal Twitter is growing super fast. I hope it continues!! Hopefully, as soon as next week Totally agree! Nope, I was alway ?? ! Yeah Congratulations! Rockets that aren?t reusable have no future Finally "Please note that Twitter will do lots of dumb things in coming months. We will keep what works ; change what doesn?t." Complaint hotline operator online! Please mention your complaints below. Blue check will be the great leveler I just killed it Actual fun stuff FTW!! Should be noted that a significant percentage of these accounts are not real people, but some proportion are This is super messed up. Unfortunately, many such things occurred at Twitter. Even worse was done in lat? Needs some tweaks, but overall proceeding well Agreed, necessary change Hit all-time high of active users today 2023 will probably be tough, but my companies are positioned well Some epically funny tweets ???? We will take action in this regard Quite the day! I agree Absolutely To be more precise, accounts doing parody impersonations. Basically, tricking people is not ok. Going forward, accounts engaged in parody must include ?parody? in their name, not just in bio Even I paid $8, no discount Usage of Twitter continues to rise. One thing is for sure: it isn?t boring! You should be able to change your name now I?d watch that movie ?? Community Notes is a gamechanger for improving accuracy on Twitter! FSD V11 rolled out at 11:11pm Pacific Twitter is Not sure I have much to add FTX meltdown/ransack being tracked in real-time on Twitter It?s coming Accurate. He set off my bs detector, which is why I did not think he had $3B. We?re adding a ?Parody? subscript to clarify Full answer to insulin price question is complex. Short answer is that original insulin, discovered? " It used to be: ?Internet guy will fail at rockets/cars!? Now it is: ?Rockets/cars guy will fail a? Maybe should be default off? Subscriber is a way better name. Mainstream media will still thrive, but increased competition from citizens will cause them to be more accurate, as? True "This is from the video arcade ; bar area" Interesting As Twitter pursues the goal of elevating citizen journalism, media elite will try everything to stop that from happening What is Quill? Twitter HQ is great (this is a real pic) Twitter HQ is great (this is a real pic) When rolls out worldwide, it will have a powerful impact on falsehoods False I hope they keep cursing me on Twitter, as it increases advertising revenue! We will enable organizations to manage affiliations Output of any company is the vector sum of people within it. Someone may be a strong vector, but ne? "Btw, I?d like to apologize for Twitter being super slow in many countries. App is doing &gt;1000 poorly batched RPCs j? Cool :) Ultimately, I think there is no choice but for Twitter to be the final arbiter, but I?m open to suggestions Rolling out soon, Twitter will enable organizations to identify which other Twitter accounts are actually associated with them Coming soon Amphetamines negatively affect empathy, psychedelics do the opposite Are you suggesting the Senator will abuse his political power to attack me? Twitter rocks What matters is that you love them Twitter feels increasingly alive I like both you and Mike! It?s just that Twitter at its? And why does your pp have a mask!? Perhaps it is because your real account sounds like a parody? Rollout will broaden roughly every week Fond memories Probably next month Going without saying that we all want ASS (Actually Smart Summon) ASAP!! No way " Making Tesla Superchargers ; connectors available to all is the right thing to do" Spaces should be evolve. It has potential to be truly great. Probably end of next week My reaction to SBF was ? different Twitter at its best! This is false. Anyone who can be in office, should be. However, if not logistically possible or they hav? Order at wen doc series? Exactly Cool Given all that is in V11, it will take a few weeks to expand the beta, then another few weeks to go? That?s what I said! In some parts of the world, refresh takes 30 seconds How many serial requests are made by app to refresh timeline? " And we will finally stop adding what device a tweet was written on (waste of screen space ; compute) be? Part of today will be turning off the ?microservices? bloatware. Less than 20% are actually needed for Twitter to work! I was told ~1200 RPCs independently by several engineers at Twitter, which matches # of microservices.? That is not good This is up to the Tesla board Can you cite specific instances of significance? I have Tesla covered too. Will be there part of this week. That?s the bizarre part How was it proven? Yay, he?s investing in Tesla! ? I?m ready through the list right now " True, the food is great. The fact that you don?t realize that there are up to 1200 ?micr? Interesting It?s on my list to review. How urgent is this? That is my philosophy Umm ? no SpaceX Starlink bought a tiny ? not large ? ad package to test effectiveness of Twitter adve? End of week Join Twitter! Comments in this thread had me rofl Something tells me this would work ?? That goes without saying ?? BTC will make it, but might be a long winter Concerning Accurate assessment Great movie Are FB followed real? Damn Good summary! Will look into it Twitter is super slow on Android. What have you done to fix that? Then please correct me. What is the right number? False. Twitter spends $13M/year on food service for SF HQ. Badge in records show peak occupancy was 25%, av? Increasing granularity about what ?verified? actually means is the right move I think you?re great I can?t tell " Especially bizarre given that almost no one came to the office. Estimated cost per lunch served in past 12 months is &gt;$400." With new release, changing your verified name will cause loss of checkmark until name is confirmed? Punting relaunch of Blue Verified to November 29th to make sure that it is rock solid Much appreciated, SpaceX will not let NASA down! "Welcoming back Ligma ; Johnson! This is just as a result of people living longer. Population collapse is already built-in, due to drama? False Much appreciated Schrep is great A tragic case of adult onset Tourette?s You make a compelling case The injustice of it all ???? Seriously " Ligma ; Johnson are welcome back anytime" (cue Obama giving himself a medal meme) Server control team knows because they stop working from time to time. That?s why they have the ?critical 40? list. " True. Server side can (and has been) brute-forced, but that can?t solve weak Internet connections ; older p? Starlink is rebuilding the Internet in space, so maybe I know slightly more than some guy who wrote code for a website " Twitter is very slow in India, Indonesia ; many other countries. This is fact, not ?claim?. 10 to 15 secs? Mr. Munger?s words are much appreciated Malenia battle was next-level intense Yes, although it seemed almost impossible at times The ratings on this simulation are incredible Definitely Why is Twitter unusably slow in many countries? Seems odd that this would be bandwidth only. Yeah, I hate it "By the People, For the People" Twitter is All the News Next test is ~20 sec firing with max oxygen fill to test autogenous pressurization, possibly one m? Test went well Why the puff piece ? Good question Did seem a little Dr Evil tbh haha This is an external analysis, not from Twitter. It is lower than Twitter?s published mDAU. Full test duration of 14 engines Recent trend is promising " Wait a second, how do we know you?re not an alien body snatcher pretending to be Jimmy!? Say somethi? Why is that? Sounds like a job for ! To heir is human, to forgive, divine (something like that) Fix what? Maybe Congratulations!! X will be the everything app I?m the taint haha Yeah, next-level ???? Fasting + Ozempic/Wegovy + no tasty food near me Down 30 lbs! My apologies, this will be fixed within a week, two at most Agreed. What will matter in the future is how many Verified followers you have. We?ll widen V11 beta before Thanksgiving " Hard to say who?s celeb ; who isn?t. Being able to sort by follower count ; disallowing deli? All unpaid legacy Blue checkmarks will be removed in a few months False Interesting thread "Important to admit when I?m wrong ; firing them was truly one of my biggest mistakes" Actual Silicon Valley is way crazier! I would like to apologize for firing these geniuses. Their immense talent will no doubt be of great use elsewhere. Exactly There are ~1200 ?microservices? server side, of which ~40 are critical to Twitter working at all, according? We?re working on something that should rank replies automatically Twitter is like open-sourcing the news Probably SBF is ineffective altruism, but they thought he was saying he was in effective altruism. Easy misunderstanding. I don?t wanna brag but ? it?s true Definitely Not to mention the sickkk memes lol Coverage of FTX meltdown is incomparably faster *and* better quality on Twitter than old-school media Ability to do long tweets coming soon It?s not his fault, society is to blame. Arrest society! I believe in vice-signaling Correct. I will continue to run Twitter until it is in a strong place, which will take some time. Magic ?? knows all Literally working on that tonight People have no idea how fast Twitter will evolve Sure, let?s talk. "First World Cup match on Sunday! Watch on Twitter for best coverage ; real-time commentary." Exactly Thanks Marc ?? Note, this applies just to the individual tweet, not the whole account If only there had been a way ? ???? "Kathie Griffin, Jorden Peterson ; Babylon Bee have been reinstated. Trump decision has not yet been made." "New Twitter policy is freedom of speech, but not freedom of reach. Negative/hate tweets will be max deboosted ; de? Freedom Fridays ? Jazz hands ?? What should Twitter do next? You don?t say ? Of course not ?? I stand corrected! You?re welcome Record numbers of users are logging in to see if Twitter is dead, ironically making it more alive than ever! Seriously Let that sink in ? And ? we just hit another all-time high in Twitter usage lol The best people are staying, so I?m not super worried Don?t wanna jinx it, but there?s a chance we can keep Twitter alive ? Thanks for helping out. You?re a lifesaver! Thanks! "How do you make a small fortune in social media? Start out with a large one." The media constantly writing about Twitter is driving usage to all-time highs, so it?s fine by me! Cybertruck is something special that comes along once in a long while Current class-action law is actually a massive tax on the American people and desperately needs reform. I? The actual attackers in class-action lawsuits are the law firms. They just find someone in the class to be their puppet. Most accurate would be to require access to phone GPS for location-specific polls Fascinating to watch Twitter Trump poll! " Bot ; troll armies might be running out of steam soon. Some interesting lessons to clean up future polls." Good question Most amount of people I?ve ever seen in the building by far That was certainly my intention too! Tesla FSD 10.69.3.1 going to wide release now Just leaving Twitter HQ code review The bot attack is impressive to watch! Trump poll getting ~1M votes/hour! Can?t tell if this is parody or real Verification through the payment system plus phones, but allowing pseudonyms is th? When polls are about a significant question, even those who don?t follow me tend to hear about it. That sai? Agreed Reinstate former President Trump Too bad " App store fees are obviously too high due to the iOS/Android duopoly. It is a hidden 30% tax on the Internet." Kind of him to say. I look forward to meeting. It is tragic how far The New York Times has fallen ? basically just boring af far left brainwashing at thi? World Cup starts soon! Follow on Twitter for best coverage by far. Sure as night follows day ? Hey stop defaming me! Twitter is ALIVE Good idea Their posts are super boring They should bring Walter Cronkite back Oh forget it who cares Who made this decision? Twitter engineering is working on it Server load is insane rn. Good stress test before World Cup tomorrow! Well-said "The people have spoken. Trump will be reinstated. Vox Populi, Vox Dei. ?? but actually 134M people have seen this poll Red Bull does work tbh Definitely need to improve Twitter?s dopamine/cortisol ratio! I agree The most entertaining outcome is the most likely ? my variant on Occam?s Razor " Twitter search will add feedback loops to improve result rank based on which result you click on ; whet? " Notes from last night: - Maybe deprecate TLS this week, as only needed if Android app &gt;1 year old. - Ho? " My firstborn child died in my arms. I felt his last heartbeat. I have no mercy for anyon? Oh man, that?s a long story, but if we haven?t cut response time in half by end of year, I? Latter Yes, major focus on video overall Priority Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven Falcon is powered by 9 merkins! Our love will never die And lead us not into temptation ? So tempting ? " Don?t kill what ye hate Save what ye love" Making good progress. Still tracking to wide release next month. "World Cup Qatar 2022: Opening Ceremony " So you say ?mainstream media? is biased? Hmm, will have to fact-check that with mainstream media? They just can?t stop writing about Twitter, which is driving usage through roof lmao One thing is for sure: it?s not boring Exactly ?All the news that?s fit to print? my ass [Cue Spider-Man meme] What could be more fun than a social network consisting entirely of hall monitors!? As is obvious to all but the media, there is not one permanent ban on even the most far left? True It is shocking how many journalists viscously attack free speech, but somehow think they?re the good guys! the olden daze Indeed What do you mean? Wait, if I Tweet does that count as work? Twitter Yeah, about 6 months ago I see a path It?s coming Looking into it Pretty sure that was in Elden Ring Perhaps not unreasonable to know if anything was accomplished ?? "This will improve a lot as Twitter becomes fast to use outside of North America, Western Europe ; Japan" Plot twist! Written content too Let?s see what happens when Twitter offers good video with higher compensation for creators ? The Tactics of Mistake Twitter added 1.6M daily active users this past week, another all-time high "Holding off relaunch of Blue Verified until there is high confidence of stopping impersonation. Will probably use? Dune. Amazing to think it was written in 1965! Yeah umm ? that is definitely not the reason it failed Starlink now works for high latitudes Tesla Megapacks are highly effective in addressing electricity demand spikes that cause power outages I have! It was great. Not many tbh Your tweets are good! More countries should tweet like this. No fun being all stuffy. Experience: what you get when you didn?t get what you wanted - Igor Oh they?ll be back on Twitter, if they even actually left. This platform is like pharmaceutical-grade crack to them. I am having a great time ???? Fanaticism is always a function of repressed doubt ? Dune It?s a reverse, reverse psychology trick Absolutely I like his music tbh, but maybe Etsy is more his style Hope all judgy hall monitors stay on other platforms ? please, I?m begging u Feels so long ago ?? It is so entertaining! Twitter is fun ?? ?? ?? Behavior follows the incentives for political power Good times :) Then let us work to make the future better " We should actively recruit the best ; brightest to part of the United States! T? So unfair! ?? And it turns out that Trent ?nine inch nails? Reznor is actually a crybaby ?? I can?t think of a worse curse than living forever Seems bizarre that it?s so easy enter illegally, but so hard to get a legal work visa More and more over time, as we hew closer to the truth, Twitter will earn the trust of the people I hope you get that which truly makes you happy Inmates are running the asylum at WaPo while Jeff parties in his hot tub ???? worth it What?s going on here ? Semafor is owned by SBF. This is a massive conflict of interest in your reporting. Journalistic integrity? What is best in life? Troublesome Welcome to Twitter! False. Also, Business is still not a real publication. Just give up. What *is* the best pillow? Is My Pillow actually a great pillow? Now I?m curious. Oh hi lol Agreed "Maybe we?ve gone to heaven/hell ; don?t know it ??" Found in closet at Twitter HQ fr ???? Twitter is where the opinion leaders are I am cautiously optimistic that things will work out well Nice Wasn?t Twitter supposed to die by now or something ? ? A large coalition of political/social activist groups agreed not to try to kill Tw? Correct Not even Associated Press with their completely fictional report on Russian missiles hitting? This is messed up You might notice small, sometimes major, improvements in speed of Twitter. Will be especially significant in countries far away from USA. Tesla Full Self-Driving Beta is now available to anyone in North America who requests it from the car screen, assum? That?s the general idea Removing child exploitation is priority . Please reply in comments if you see anything that Twitter needs to address. Oh we have quite the adventure ahead! Reducing the max allowed tweets/day to a number below what a speed typist on meth could do was helpful I have half a mind to wag my finger at the 1500 accounts that caused the spike, but I shall forebear ?? This is necessary to restore public trust " Yeah, these are umm ? bad words. I read through the list last week ; have to say I learned a few things ??!!" Great point! ?????? Fun level on Twitter has definitely increased! I?m having a great time tbh. Hate speech impressions down by 1/3 from pre-spike levels. Congrats to Twitter team! Working on it " They need to exist to stop scams, spam, NSFW ; illegal stuff from going viral, but they sh? It is objectively the case that ?conservative? political candidates were more negatively? Neil A, which is alien spelled backwards, was first person on the moon, and the year was 69 ? Agreed, that is not ok If SBF was as good at running a crypto exchange as he was at bribing media, FTX would still be solvent! Have a great Thanksgiving! ?????????? Is this really still happening ? This is one the biggest failures in US journalistic integrity of the 21st century Lol, but actually true The more I learn, the worse it gets. The world should know the truth of what has been happening at Twitte? Good point. Conflicts of interest should be made readily apparent to the reader. Just wow ? They should get a ?SBF-Affiliated Media? label ?? That?s why he won?t answer To be direct, the very real concern here is that you have been pushing a completely false SBF ownership? All public holders of Twitter were allowed to roll their stock into Twitter as a private company, but h? To be fair, there are many people at Twitter working late into the night, for whom I have great respect Awesome new Twitter merch! It has been really bad. Far left San Francisco/Berkeley views have been propagated to the world via? It?s not a real publication ???? with maybe a little editorial help from SBF?s employees This is awesome No grey area. Flat wrong. On the other *did* take the SBF money and won?t disclose how much SBF owns of them I did not take the money. SBF/FTX do not own shares in Twitter. World Cup traffic hit almost 20,000 tweets per second today! Great work by Twitter team managing record usage. Headline: ?Stephen King Tweet Causes My Pillow Sales to Skyrocket!? Lmaooo Haha sorry code release towards end of next week should allow this again No. He may have owned shares in Twitter as a public company, but he certainly do? There was a time when you cared about the truth. That is long gone. As I said, neither I nor Twitter have taken any investment from SBF/FTX. Your article is a lie? It was getting to the point where the minimum impulse bit for a Silicon Valley startup was a billion dollar market cap! Should Twitter offer a general amnesty to suspended accounts, provided that they have not broken the law or engaged in egregious spam? So much to fix at Twitter (sigh) There are lies, there are damn lies, and then there is Statista Some things more so than others (sigh) True What do your jeans tell you? According to Obama?s DoJ, the Ferguson shooting was unequivocally self-defense, so the Ferguson prot? " Full text: What conspiracy theory? This what Obama?s DoJ published: Looking into it " There was an error last week where the system incorrectly suspended ; deboosted your account. I?m to? Truth over time builds trust. Nothing else. I would like to know too What percentage of you does he own? Congratulations Accurate If it actually becomes a problem, we will take those and other steps " Deliberate impersonation/deception will result in account suspension. Organizational? The clawback may be their biggest fear Exactly " I am neither conventionally right nor left, but I agree with your point. The woke mind virus has th? We can aspire to turn it to the betterment of all What do you think of the culture war? That is a disturbing story and very concerning that Twitter took no action, despite clear viol? All verified individual humans will have same blue check, as boundary of what constitutes ?not? Incitement to violence will result in account suspension " Sorry for the delay, we?re tentatively launching Verified on Friday next week. Gold check fo? Interesting ? now pay $8 Much Ado About Nothing But you have piqued my curiosity ? who are these ?online experts? you speak of? AP is such an expert in misinformation. Twitter couldn?t hope to compete! Mars plans are still moving forward How can it be both illegal and ?by the court?? Twitter must abide by the laws of each country or get shut down. Thanksgiving cuisine is such a delightful symphony of flavor!? Thanksgiving dinner is such a delightful symphony of flavor!? This is simply based on the same list of terms that Twitter has used for some time, so ceteris paribus WSJ giving foot massages to a criminal Amazing ?? Jack has a pure heart Some have simply been abandoned, but vast numbers of handles were consumed by bots/trolls. Aiming to sta? "The people have spoken. Amnesty begins next week. Vox Populi, Vox Dei." Will look into it I wonder what Earth will be like 88 million years from now Most people still have no idea. FSD is the most important software release of any kind in a very long time. He is infected with a mental version of this physical virus That the mind virus is pushing humanity towards extinction is not hyperbole Simpson?s predicts I buy Twitter S26E12 It?s insane! I?m just fighting for free speech in America. But Twitter as a platform must be fair to all " But freedom of speech is the bedrock of a strong democracy and must take precedence. My preferenc? As a reminder, I was a significant supporter of the Obama-Biden presidency and (reluctantly) voted for Biden over Trump Interesting development I?m fine with Trump not tweeting. The important thing is that Twitter correct a grave mistake in b? I certainly hope it does not come to that, but, yes, if there is no other choice, I will make an alternative phone Concerning Calling for violence will result in suspension Absolutely " Incitement to violence will result in account suspension. Currently suspended accounts will be enabled? They won?t give up controlling the narrative easily ? Good idea True Correct I think I see a path to Twitter exceeding a billion monthly users in 12 to 18 months He can drive it himself if he wants! Slides from my Twitter company talk Starry, starry night ? Tesla team just completed a 500 mile drive with a Tesla Semi weighing in at 81,000 lbs! Stephen King is one of most creative people on Earth. While I may not agree with everyt? World-class software aces are joining Twitter Follow World Cup on Twitter for best real-time coverage! The goal is a trusted digital town square, where a wide range of views are tolerated, provided people? Better Suggestions are welcome Mr. ?? Tonnage to orbit is the better metric Correct. Good thread. This alleged expert is saying things that are flat-out false. I have now said several? Your anti-dictator stance is as controversial as it is brave. From whence cometh your ??? I?m optimistic that we will make some progress Exactly That American media would argue *against* free speech in America ? within the bounds of the law ? is an? That might be cool to show publicly, now that you mention it You probably weren?t blocking 4000 accounts per second Friends have asked me if there?s a way to recover their old vine videos! Will look into it. System obviously needs immediate alerts for any sudden spike in database writes of any kind That?s literally how I found out! It?s on the todo list Twitter experienced slight degradation of service today from an old 3rd party tool used to block accounts that had? This whole thread is making your point for you Absolutely! Working on it ESG is the devil And I am paying $8 btw :) "Just a note to encourage people of different political or other views to engage in civil debate on Twitter. Worst? " Remote is fine, but the bar for excellence ; trust is higher to overcome communication difficulties" Good old random partial reinforcement gets ya every time! " Vindman is both puppet ; puppeteer. Question is who pulls his strings ? ?" Fortunately, I work late. Would you like fries with that? Note, spamming, whether done by a set of humans or bots is against ToS Like digital ventriloquist dolls ?? " Was also due to me that we got trademark to use Tesla Motors as initial name ; later obtained URL" He is invited! Or maybe just ? bots ????? They?re bots in human form ArtCenter College of Design gave me an honorary degree for my work on the original Tesla Roadster More importantly, I was head of product and led the design of the original Roadster. Eberhard was wealthy? For many celebrities, it?s actually their manager or ?team? writing their tweets. Might be the case here. Seems like NPC to PC ratio is super high! Good question This is a battle for the future of civilization. If free speech is lost even in America, tyranny is all that lies ahead. This is a battle for the future of civilization. If free speech is lost even in America, tyranny is all that lies ahead. Exactly Absolutely, especially if done in collusion with the government The Twitter Files on free speech suppression soon to be published on Twitter itself. The public deserves to know what really happened ? Why are so many in the media against free speech? This is messed up. A revolution against online censorship in America Support is greatly appreciated! Wow, they don?t sound biased at all! Did you know Apple puts a secret 30% tax on everything you buy through their App Store? Apple has also threatened to withhold Twitter from its App Store, but won?t tell us why Secret suppression of free speech by Apple. Customers were never told. What the hell is going on here? Apple should publish all censorship actions it has taken that affect its customers Here works Accurate Are you suggesting Apple would use its duopolist powers to hurt Tesla? Who else has Apple censored? What terms? What?s going on here ? Apple has mostly stopped advertising on Twitter. Do they hate free speech in America? Greetings, I?m Musket, Elon Musket Hearting things that you just want to highlight is questionable True Good for you! There is no excuse for my lack of coasters Yah, it?s mostly basic My bedside table The amount of pro psy ops on Twitter is ridiculous! At least with new Verified they will pay $8 for the privilege haha. Exactly Trend is concerning. Fed needs to cut interest rates immediately. They are massively amplifying th? Much more, but I am simply stating the obvious We?re implementing anti-bot bots. You should see some improvement by tomorrow. "Microservices ? Twitter core services latency reduced by ~400ms. Should feel noticeably faster. " Sam lost me when he said that any lies at all would justify Trump losing. I mean ? Sa? A little more progress to Mars Several other major Democrat politicians attacked me too, all around the same time. It was coordinated? Sam used to be so rational! There is such a thing as too much meditation ? Correct " Don?t love the name, but the drink itself is amazing ; brings me joy ??" This is a serious problem This makes sense The people have spoken ? If Community Notes can correct me, then obviously they can correct anyone. This is a good example. They were right to add the label. I think I have been very specific It?s a real problem. Apple and Google effectively control access to most of the Internet via their app stores. That one was real too The reason satire about CNN proposing censorship of Twitter could so easily be cons? This will forever be our top priority Always wondered about that bear ? Twitter is purging a lot of spam/scam accounts right now, so you may see your follower count drop Exactly We are now confident that the Neuralink device is ready for humans, so timing is a function of working? Exciting Neuralink update in 30 mins! Congratulations ! Good conversation. Among other things, we resolved the misunderstanding about Twitter potentially being removed fro? Cancel culture needs to be canceled!! Wow, thank you for the kind words Feels like an eternity ago Thanks for taking me around Apple?s beautiful HQ " Exactly. The obvious reality, as long-time users know, is that Twitter has failed in trust ; safe? Update from at 6pm PT Just clarifying that his account is being suspended for incitement to violence, not an unflat? I tried my best. Despite that, he again violated our rule against incitement to violence. Account will be suspended. This is not That is fine This is silly. Only two numbers are needed to calculate range: battery energy density and average vehi? Accurate " Check out the Tesla exhibit at in LA!" Tesla Semi Truck launch in 5 mins! Going live on Twitter in ~20 mins " Jesus taught love, kindness and forgiveness. I used to think that turning the other cheek was weak ; f? "???????? Congratulations Japan! ???????? How many views do your tweets get? We aren?t doing well at surfacing tweets from less prominent handles, as it?s almost impossible to? AI is getting really good Exactly. That?s why I?m encouraging people to interact with Twitter more! Compared to AI, progress with Neuralink will be slow and easy to assess, as there is large regulat? View count will show how many people actually see tweets, just as is done for videos. You w? The problem is that likes are public, subjecting people to criticism, and ?like? is often t? Twitter will start showing view count for all tweets, just as view count is shown for all videos. The syste? " Have you clicked on your tweet analytics (little bar graph)? Those who read tweets outnumber those who re? "I meet so many people who read twitter every day, but almost never tweet. If I may beg your indulgence, please add? Agreed Looking into it Digging into this now Lot of people stuck in a damn-that?s-crazy ChatGPT loop ?? " There still isn?t a good strawberry picking robot, but researchers are working on it. As they apply AI t? As a reminder, tap the stars icon on upper right of screen to switch between latest people you follow and recommended tweets " Q ;A tomorrow" Twitter acting by itself to suppress free speech is not a 1st amendment violation, but actin? If this isn?t a violation of the Constitution?s First Amendment, what is? ?Handled? ?????? Ro Khanna is great It was an honor to see you again. Looking forward to exciting plans in France! Here we go!! ???? We?re double-checking some facts, so probably start live tweeting in about 40 mins Oh you mean the same MSM that all colluded to suppress the story? That MSM? This will be awesome ?? What really happened with the Hunter Biden story suppression by Twitter will be published on Twitter at 5pm ET! Agreed Both false positives and negatives matter Please screenshot examples that Twitter needs to fix Not counting those behind the ?see more replies? aka probable spam button "Major Twitter system improvements were implemented this week to drop hammer hard on spam/scam accounts. Taking jus? "Twitter is now serving almost 90 billion tweet impressions per day! Just how incredibly alive the system actually? Agreed "There are about 500M tweets per day ; billions of impressions, so hate speech impressions are &lt;0.1% of what?s seen on Twitter!" Utterly false We will publish stats on Love Speech too, as it is vastly higher than Hate Speech! Hate speech impressions (# of times tweet was viewed) continue to decline, despite significant user growth!? Please report accounts doing so. Repeated harassment falls into the spam category, so will result in a temp suspension. That resulted in a major spike. Twitter will be publishing actual ?hate speech? (same list company ha? The (currently) quiet majority should tweet more! "You know Twitter is being fair when extremists on far right and far left are simultaneously upset! Twitter aims to? Right on schedule ???? Current efficiency is 1.7kWh/mile, but there is a clear path to 1.6, possibly 1.5 I have Sam Gamgee?s words on my bedside table Anything anyone says will be used against me in a court of law? Anything anyone says will be used against you in a court of law? Not surprising, as I just learned that OpenAI had access to Twitter database for training. I put that o? " &gt;95% of people still have no idea this is here" Let?s find out ?? Whoa Worth mentioning that Tesla has open-sourced its charge connector and is enabling other EVs to use Tesla Superchargers He has swagger Or you can just buy a Tesla I kinda like this post tbh Remember that 2022 flicking tiger?s nuts meme I posted? Well ? The more Twitter improves its signal to noise ratio, the less relevant conventional news becomes Trees of thought Looks like we will need another day or so Wow. Meanwhile, on Twitter ? Pretty wild that you can engage in back-and-forth dialogue with over 100k people live on Twitter Spaces! And, in doing so, destroy their credibility "I am not expressing an opinion, but did promise to conduct this poll. Should Assange and Snowden be pardoned?" Just a note to thank advertisers for returning to Twitter True Let?s throw a party and invite the whole galaxy! " Agreed. Let?s just give him an adult timeout in the big house ; move on." SBF was bad at League. Nuff said. Great podcast! Interesting That?s because ChatGPT is not a far left cause. The New York Times should rename itself The Social Justice Times. is super important for getting closer to truth Exactly ChatGPT is scary good. We are not far from dangerously strong AI. Good questions True Thank you for helping with this important problem ChatGPT is so much better at bullshit than they are! True lol That is because The New York Times has become, for all intents and purposes, an unreg? That?s just the publicly disclosed number. His actual support of Dem elections is probably over $1B. T? I?ve seen a lot of concerning tweets about the recent Brazil election. If those tweets are accurate, it? Twitter servers are running at Warp 9!! The safety of any AI system can be measured by its MtH (meantime to Hitler). Microsoft?s Tay chatbot? Haha pretty close. Electrical closet. Funny thing is that there was actually a little fire at Twitter HQ earlier this week! Whole building was evacuated. " ???? I recently learned that OpenAI receives a lot of its data from Twitter" Truth Correct Some things are priceless ? Well-said Exactly Tune in for Episode 2 of The Twitter Files tomorrow! Transparency is the key to trust Starship takes beings of Earth to Mars What?s the average cost per chat? Electric cargo ships are straightforward, as are short to medium range electric aircraft. Long-range? Team was a bit too intense with spam/bot suspensions. Moving to chill mode. About a week or so ? Starlink works in even the most remote regions of Antarctica What?s wrong? Looking into it Yeah (sigh) The Constitution is greater than any President. End of story. I take that as a compliment! You do, that?s the fundamental difference "The intelligence of this hive-mind will improve significantly as signal/noise, effective cross-linking of tweets ;? More importantly, they said nothing about ChatGPT! Totally ?? at the ??. So many interesting posts on Twitter these days! Fixed The ads are also way too big. We?ll fix it this week. Wait, is this true!? In the past, victory would mean that your enemies are no longer around. These days, they?re not onl? Only discovered this on Sunday So city of SF attacks companies providing beds for tired employees instead of making sur? Yes. His explanation was ?unconvincing. In light of concerns about Baker?s possible role in suppression of information important to the public dia? " Most of Earth: ?The MSM is biased.? Wikipedia: ?Cite MSM source to confirm this claim.? ???? Wikipedia ha? The ratio of total digital to total biological compute is the key metric to watch ? it is rising incredibly fast Bold Most important data was hidden (from you too) and some may have been deleted, but everything we find will be released One of the best aircraft ever Oh, you know, keeping busy ? To be called AGI, it needs to invent amazing things or discover deeper physics ? many humans have done? Small world ? Oh, what a tangled web they weave, when first they practice to ? " Macro conditions are difficult: energy in Europe, real estate in China ; crazy Fed rates in USA" This capability will save many lives False, hate speech impressions are actually down by 1/3 for Twitter now vs prior to a? But the really mind-blowing thing is that this means your phone will work anywhere on Earth, unless? Important to note that this is *total* bandwidth within a cell, so would be divided among all phones? Tesla Team has done incredibly well, despite extremely difficult times. Could not be more proud of them. Correct And with his Twitter badge X in beautiful San Francisco Woke v Woke Thankfully, you lose your chairmanship very soon. Your brain is too small. Do I think Trump would have lost anyway? Yes. And, as a reminder, I supported Biden, Hilary and Obam? Unequivocally true. The evidence is clear and voluminous. With rare exception, the FBI seems to want to do the right thing, but there is no question that Twitter? "The Twitter Files, Part 3 Deplatforming the President Indeed. Shame on them! Correct More than just a polycule in the Bahamas, that?s for sure! Exactly correct. Absolutely At the same time, Ned was spending millions of? Just a rough guess, but things probably start looking better in Q2 2024 Small world " No, it is not. When Ella Irwin, who now runs Trust ; Safe? Agreed If the Fed raises rates again next week, the recession will be greatly amplified It?s true that most celebrities don?t write their own posts. More should. Way better to hear directly from them. Something I always admired about American legislators, at least historically, was that they would sometimes vote against the party line Good for ! I hope more of our elected leaders act independently, aka in the interests of the people. " Absolutely! The real CEO was the head of ?Trust ; Safety?." " Top Gun Maverick was great! NYTimes has gone ?full woke?." In reality, Twitter is doing a much better job of combating disinformation. is a big part of that. I love your music. Hope you come back. Is there any misinformation in particular that you?re concerned about? It is a crime that they refused to take action on child exploitation for years! New AI progress every week, it seems What is this ?misinformation? that he refers to? The general principle of improving signal to noise is incredibly important Never leave a marine behind. Never. They are not long for this world I slept on a couch in the Twitter library and I don?t ever wear slippers "These are obvious account deletions with no tweets ; no log in for years" Twitter will soon start freeing the name space of 1.5 billion accounts I?m open to the idea Good way to frame it More AI advances Tweets will show view count in a few weeks, just like videos do. Twitter is much more alive than people think. Congrats on Game of Year! Greater Austin area blends to purple When there are macroeconomic risks, it is generally wise to avoid using margin loans on any company, as? Controversial decisions were often made without getting Jack?s approval and he was unaware of syste? Extremists have already moved to such platforms as ? I already forgot their names Truth brings reconciliation Exactly You?re welcome. Twitter won?t be perfect in the future, but it will be *much* better. Yeah! You operate a propaganda platform " The Sun is coming True, some accounts on the right were suspended even when Twitter internally acknowle? As clearly describes, the rules were enforced against the right, but not against the left Really? Twitter isn?t using Perkins Coie. No company should use them until they make amends for Sussman?s att? The far right and the far left will splinter off Twitter to irrelevant echo chambers Agreed While subtle, if you look closely at this chart, you might notice a slight bias: Most engineers don?t feel strongly about politics, but do want to work with other great engineer? Twitter is working on a software update that will show your true account status, so you know clearly if you?ve been? Looking into it DMs should be encrypted, so that it is impossible for anyone at Twitter to see the public?s DMs, just? Former head of censorship at Twitter was perhaps not entirely unbiased ? Exactly " I continue to oversee both Tesla ; SpaceX, but the teams there are so good that often little is needed from me" And many other features to come! Twitter is both a social media company and a crime scene Looks like Yoel is arguing in favor of children being able to access adult Internet services in his PhD? This explains a lot ???????? Congrats Morocco!! ???????? Interesting, how so? Coming soon ? Yeah Good po1nt Hey stop gaslighting me! It?s almost ready At least! ?? We seriously need long-form tweets! Worth a read Thank you for your rigorous adherence to science We are making a lot of progress, but help is always appreciated " They will try other methods, but we?re shutting them down as soon as they show up. Twitter will also be? Mostly Cool, the bots are so far unable to swarm to the top of my replies! Must be done for the future of civilization, without which nothing matters "Calling all ?? ; ?? Please attack me!" Correct Agreed That?s my guess: small number of humans with large bot/troll armies. We are shutting down IP addresses of k? It?s gonna be ???? Nature is healing Hope you?re having a lovely Sunday! ?? My pronouns are Prosecute/Fauci Oh it is coming bigtime ? Now things get spicy ??? Twitter is speeding up Twitter was Wormtongue to the World "Saruman ? your staff is broken. The bots/trolls generate fake activity, so Twitter may seem a little less lively, but actually it?s j? No later than noon The bots are in for a surprise tomorrow Traceroute woke_mind_virus Good question Deplatforming the President (cont.) Haha totally. High quality bots are fine! Exactly Indeed The wording is mine lol In a few months, we will remove all legacy blue checks. The way in which they were given out was corrupt and nonsensical. Seriously, they could just write one article and share it, since they all write exactly the same thing! True Terrible " Prior Twitter management ; board lied to make their user numbers seem artificially higher, so turned? Under pressure from hundreds of activist employees, Twitter deplatforms Trump, a sitting US President, even though? Somehow, the nation of Sweden is fine Your house is glass The Branch Covidians are upset lol Perfectly said Number 1 Exactly The woke mind virus is either defeated or nothing else matters Big rockets are needed to make life multiplanetary! Many battles remain, but, yes, the tide is starting to turn on the mortal threat to? Truth resonates ? Easy to fool people, but it is almost impossible to convince people that they have been fooled I strongly disagree. Forcing your pronouns upon others when they didn?t ask, and implicitly ostrac? Reasonable criticism of elections and judicial challenges are, of course, lawful. That seems to be the ca? How?s it looking? Great! Bots incoming ? Tesla will be great long-term, but doesn?t control macroeconomic tides Social media in general, especially Twitter, were eroding civilization. If civilization collap? PayPal has become a Black Mirror episode Yeah The best! " Unfortunately, they will get bored of complaining to each other there ; return to complaining here" The ratio of digital to biological compute is growing exponentially Same Bunny emojis are hate speech!! This tutorial video explains the backstory Same ?? I think about this every time I take DayQuil or NyQuil Follow ?? Exactly First one was fine, but the booster knocked me flat for days. Way worse than when I got? Basic Blue will have half the number of ads. We will offer a higher tier with no ads next year. Accurate He would be welcome Sorry! " Live ; learn ?" Extremely concerning ? Sounds like an attempt to muzzle the voice of the people of Canada Twitter may have people on the Brazil team that are strongly politically biased Agreed, I thought the same! Looking into this Highly recommended reading Wise words from President Obama Oh man that would be an epic troll!! " They just kept calling different viruses C19, because that got more funding than if not. That? " Think long-term ; avoid leverage" Literally None yet, but I did play some Cyberpunk and it works great. Syncs with your Steam profile, so you can pick? "Even works with keyboard ; mouse" You can play Cyberpunk, Elden Ring and 1000s of other games in your *car* with an epic sound system!! Yeah! Accurate but hates hypocrisy Just when you think it can?t get crazier, it does Really? Basically, a Twitter documentary biggest crime of all I will make sure Tesla shareholders benefit from Twitter long-term At risk of stating obvious, beware of debt in turbulent macroeconomic conditions, especially when Fed keeps raising rates Unregretted user-minutes is the metric that matters most Main reason is that the Starlink value proposition is ?better Internet for less money? for most peo? Good question True To be clear, I am generally pro-FBI, recognizing, of course, that no organization is perfect, including FBI Good thread Yeah, they do It?s gonna be great Don?t want to jinx it, but SpaceX is positioned to grow strongly, no matter what macroeconomic conditions are like Suggestions are welcome Yeah Anyone recognize this person or car? Last night, car carrying lil X in LA was followed by crazy stalker (thinking it was me), who later blocked car from? Any account doxxing real-time location info of anyone will be suspended, as it is a physical safety violation. This? Real-time posting of someone else?s location violates doxxing policy, but delayed posting of locations are ok Up to 7 days for human review Advertising revenue next year will be low industry-wide One day of Twitter suspension ? death Twitter right now is ???????? My plane is actually not trackable without using non-public data No you If they?re naughty, they get suspended We?re fixing a Legacy bug. Should be working tomorrow. Twitter too, no doubt That?s the goal! Next week So they?re saying it?s really bad to suspend people from Twitter ?? Woohoo ?????? Community Notes expands! Agreed Absolutely You first lol Seems fine to me Exactly Unsuspend accounts who doxxed my exact location in real-time Sorry, too many options. Will redo poll. "If anyone posted real-time locations ; addresses of NYT reporters, FBI would be investigating, there?d be hearings? Unsuspend accounts who doxxed my exact location in real-time Words to live by " Yeah, we will add that feature. Current system isn?t clear. A time? Accounts engaged in doxxing receive a temporary 7 day suspension 7 day suspension for doxxing. Some time away from Twitter is good for the soul ? They posted my exact real-time location, basically assassination coordinates, in (obvious) direct violat? I love Barbara Streisand lol Criticizing me all day long is totally fine, but doxxing my real-time location and endangering my family is not Same doxxing rules apply to ?journalists? as to everyone else Yup, recent events make that super clear! So few understand this Twitter obviously must be fair to all, so will aim to stop violent extremism being promoted by any group Correct Exactly True Changing name or profile pic causes checkmark to disappear until account is reviewed by Twitt? Olbermann tweeting from his dog?s account still makes me lmao Quite frankly, a few days away from Twitter is good for their mental health It?s a rental I don?t have a home Interesting. This seems to have happened in every country. Such a tangled web Strange priorities ? " Securities Analysis 101 As the ?risk-free? real rate of return from Treasury Bills approaches the? Exactly "Twitter will start incorporating mute ; block signals from Blue Verified (not Legacy Blue) as downvotes" "The people have spoken. Accounts who doxxed my location will have their suspension lifted now. Indeed, there is no other reason Umm ? yeah Ultima V for me Such shameful behavior will not be tolerated going forward Too many people have lost faith in the future. A new philosophy is needed. Second launch today Spaces is back Markoff is lying Weird, Markoff blocked me I literally just finished my meeting going over Giga Texas production progress Freedom Fridays!! Bug fix is almost done. Spaces probably back by tonight. Keith has never been more entertaining ???? " Tesla is executing better than ever! We don?t control the Federal Reserve. That is the real problem here." KABOOM ?????????? Let?s do one next week and maybe throw in a live spaces discussion It isn?t Awesome ?? So inspiring to see the newfound love of freedom of speech by the press ?? Meanwhile, Twitter usage (by real humans) once again reaches all-time highs Rather than rigorously pursuing truth, you are virtue-signaling to show that y? Great questions The danger of training AI to be woke ? in other words, lie ? is deadly Bari, this is a real question, not rhetorical. What is your opinion? Good prediction Twitter is not the real world That?s what they are saying Exactly. Same rules for all. Potentially, the biggest financial crisis ever Things are rather intense right now, but maybe closer to Christmas Correct What should the consequence of doxxing someone?s real-time, exact location be?? The tide is turning fast for the Faucists Good questions Much has happened since then haha Much closer than they realize Monarch using Magic 8 Ball Wow, they were truly coddled Especially the last one Not all journalists are that bad, but far too many are It worked like a charm lol This is messed up They think they?re better than everyone else Congrats to SpaceX Team on 3 perfect orbital launches within 36 hours!!! Live launch video Exactly In addition, Twitter will make it easier to see tweets from just those you follow, as well as other tweet curations Wikipedia is overly controlled by mainstream media If a group of accounts engages in ?brigading?, the entire group of accounts will get a credibility score of? If an account engages in large-scale blocking, the value of a block signal from that account will trend to zero A two day suspension of maybe 7 accounts for doxxing got an actual Wikipedia page!? Wikipedia? To be clear, all user actions will factor into a NN model for a tweet and the account tweeting, including positive? The question is not finding a CEO, the question is finding a CEO who can keep Twitter alive Should I step down as head of Twitter? I will abide by the results of this poll. Going forward, there will be a vote for major policy changes. My apologies. Won?t happen again. Paul?s account will be restored shortly Policy will be adjusted to suspending accounts only when that account?s *primary* purpose is? Ok, that seems reasonable What do you think should be the policy? Precisely Casually sharing occasional links is fine, but no more relentless advertising of competitors? Exactly. Twitter should be easy to use, but no more relentless free advertising of competitors. No tradi? Exactly "Duel in the Desert. Couldn?t ask for a better game. Incredible play by ???? ; ???? !!!! I agree! 24,400 tweets per second for France?s goal, highest ever for World Cup! "Well done France! ???????????? Evenly-matched game!! "Super exciting World Cup! ???? ahead 2-0 at halftime. Can ???? come back?" Great goal by Argentina! ???????????? At World Cup right now "Follow The World Cup on Twitter! Temp suspension due to prior doxxing action by this account. Will be lifted shortly. Agreed, a high priority software update for Twitter is showing the reason for account suspension or deb? Maybe it?s a coincidence ????? Because they?re in on it It?s fine Will investigate They abandon even the pretense of noble principles in their zeal to keep their monopoly on information seen by the public There will be multiple algorithms, including no algorithm (ie just tweets from those you follow in chronological order) And miss both times True creation eventually becomes independent of its creator. Evolution takes the original product far from its orig? " ?? Much will come to light as Fauci loses power." The journalists were aware of the violent stalker and yet still doxxed the real-time location of my fam? Absolutely. Free speech is the bedrock of Democracy. Congressman Lieu, were you aware of this program and did you approve it? Simple questions require simple answers. So many publications just sound like WokeGPT these days Why is this never in the news? Interesting Stanford disapproves of saying you?re proud to be an American? Whoa. Wow, worse than ?99 ? "Stats on Twitter World Cup Good point. Twitter will make that change. Interesting Why do so few report about millions of people crossing the border? Those who want power are the ones who least deserve it Yikes! Really? Elvis is in the building No one wants the job who can actually keep Twitter alive. There is no successor. True You must like pain a lot. One catch: you have to invest your life savings in Twitter and it has been in? As the saying goes, be careful what you wish, as you might get it There are no angels in war Shawshank Redemption ?? Very informative thread "I will resign as CEO as soon as I find someone foolish enough to take the job! After that, I will just run the software ; servers teams." Great! Whether for or against, please let your elected representatives know what you think about this $1.7 trillion spendi? And at least one plankton The salmon lobby! Accurate assessment! Funds for borders of other countries, but not ours? Is that for real? Does seem high Caring more about words than actions does not bode well for civilization Looking into it Good question ? Even the bots agree ???? Surprisingly close Satire and reality have merged! Timing is everything Guaranteed, not one person voting for it has read the whole thing. If we added that basic requirement,? Should Congress approve the $1.7 trillion omnibus spending bill? " Couldn?t agree more! We?re making this change soon. Main timeline should allow for an e? " In simple terms: As bank savings account interest rates, which are guaranteed, start to approach? Go back and read your old Securities Analysis 101 textbook Interesting Tweets that are interesting or entertaining get traction. That?s why writers tend to do well on Twitter. Yikes! Please tell us your great ideas, Ross ? This has gone too far, to say the least! , what is your explanation for this madness? Absolutely Why has the mainstream media refused to report on this? Interesting. Suggest that maybe we might still have an itsy bitsy bot problem on Twitter ? Newspapers just search the Internet and print it out ? SJM As (outgoing) Chair of House Intelligence, did you approve hidden state censorship in direct violation of the Const? " If you know the solution is a whole number, doing mental cube approximations ; guessing works great" Hear, hear!! Your tax dollars at work ? Absolutely Government paid Twitter millions of dollars to censor info from the public Other social media companies too, not just Twitter How do you calculate 90%? True The United States has definitely been harmed by having her as a senator lol How did it come to be this way? Extremely problematic "One of many product improvements coming to financial Twitter! Nice work by Twitter team. ". ; , the public has spoken. They are overwhelmingly against this giant spending bill. I sure hope so! This philosophy is the death of humanity Sustainable cars powered by sustainable energy Concerning ? Worth reading No oversight!? That sounds as fishy as the random $60M allocation in this bill for Salmon. Hope all goes well A masterpiece from the future We were on a Hotz streak! ?? " Maybe so, in which case ? buying opportunity! I keep saying that Fed rate is insane, because data I? Saturn V was an incredible machine The kids I talked to just had one request, which was to hug this guy who keeps trying to hug me in SF. I? " A nice trick question is what color is the sun? It appears white in space, but, as measured by peak? They saw this coming in the 70?s! Good thread For a moment there, I almost considered not giving him 5 stars! I?m in favor of a small spending bill to keep things running, but common sense suggests that it be the least amount? Sorry to hear this. It is a sobering reminder of the difficulty of orbital space flight. yeah Good point Tweets are read ~100 times more than they are liked Will do it Great! Looking into it. That tweet doesn?t violate ToS. Congratulations Tesla Team!! Meant to say impressions Everyone, just like video view count Yeah, it?s ridiculous It?s not out of the question But shouldn?t there be some funding in this bill to secure US borders, given that we? Exactly We shall see ? Is this true, and ? Twitter is rolling out View Count, so you can see how many times a tweet has been seen! This is normal for video.? What utter insanity that tens of billions are being spent for border security of other countries, but none for ours!! At the risk of being repetitive, these Fed rate increases might go down in history as most damaging ever He?s great Should we keep it going? That and several major UI improvements coming in Jan To be clear, I am overall very much pro FBI. The agency does a great deal of important work protecting? And engineering St Peter?s is an incredible work of art Twitter votes for the right haha You got it! Person liking it decides Rules now apply equally Dan is basically an unpaid intern on our QA team lol Couldn?t agree more! Interesting. Allowing a user to make any given like public or private is coming. Views shows how alive Twitter is! And hopefully encourages people to tweet more often,? Good point Agreed Do you prefer your nightmare rectangle with 1cm or 2cm radius corners? Curses! Great idea So you?re saying you prefer the right? Heheh Spaces should automatically ask the host if they?d like to save it Instagram is an underpaid, online modeling agency There definitely need to be more reactions Likes should be private by default Tweet impression count should NY Times is simply outputting short summaries of articles, which then hit a paywall f? Which accounts? Civilization has been around for the blink of an eye so far There is great danger in training an AI to lie From Scientific American!? False, it is still there We should think of various explanations for any given event in terms of probabilities, not certainties.? " We?ll tidy up the esthetics ; add a setting to turn it off, but I think almost everyone will grow to like it" Precisely. " 1. The message is actually still up. This is fake news. 2. Twitter doesn?t prevent suicide." Even after I disconnected one of the more sensitive server racks And yet work it does ? is what it feels like understanding how Twitter works No special treatment for corpo journalists anymore Fractal of Rube Goldberg machines ? I was invited to WEF, but declined Damn True, ?progressive? professors are the root of this evil Almost no one understands You can also now play all Steam games on the latest Model S/X cars Luck is the greatest superpower Potentially major problem Great work by Falcon Team! "Merry Christmas ; Good Cheer to All! Twitter isn?t secure yet, just not in the fast lane to bankruptcy. Still much work to do. Those are definitely the most absurd predictions I?ve ever heard, while also showing astonishing l? Lol in one year Epic thread!! Ted is linking to misleading data Approaching 100 Starlinks active in Iran I couldn?t agree more! Exactly (Many of whom were, of course, actively suppressed on Twitter) "Much more to The Twitter Files: Covid Editon than this introductory thread. Follow-up piece to come next week, fea? Highly recommended " Mind virus got you ; you don?t realize it" I invite to correct or amend this thread Exactly. Why would anyone trust corpo journalism? The legacy media should worry about its reputation. We have only just begun. Concerning Really? omg lol I?m not brainwashed!! No matter how smart someone is, they are always some % wrong Despite these glaring issues, Twitter nonetheless had an internal Slack channel unironically called ?Fauci Fan Club? ?? " ?Gain-of-function? in this context is just another way of saying ?bioweapon?. Some good nuggets in articl? Almost no one seems to realize that the head of bioethics at NIH ? the person who is supposed to make sure? Interesting Even solar plus batteries on a small section of Spain would solve EU energy needs Such an obvious move! Yikes! I?m open to the idea Free jewelry woohoo ???? How did this shift happen? Feels like the conventional media used to be more balanced. Twitter can change that Yeah, legacy media just tell you what you already learned on Twitter se? Exactly Why is corporate journalism rushing to defend the state instead of the people? "?Don?t be the clown on the clown car!? Too late haha" Hope your situation gets better soon Exactly! ???? People on Twitter should like things more! " Most people don?t appreciate the significance of the point Matt was making: *Every* social m? Yeah Exactly Some nights ? May it always be so. It is the most treasured item on my bedside table. They never had my name either wise words The sheer amount of brand awareness achieved by Greta within a few years is astounding. I think she?s cool tbh. Lists too Better hustle with the Mars rockets! Pretty much Their fiction isn?t even good! That would be ironic, since I am literally the single biggest supp? BYOTP! Lol, it was true for half a day. Do they give reasons? Not enough My reason for declining the Davos invitation was not because I thought they were engaged in diaboli? I don?t think we should divide issues semi-randomly into ?left? and ?right? tribes, as it inhibits? " This is neither a ?right? nor a ?left? issue. Run antivirus software in your brain." Use if need be I will inquire. We really need to roll out the feature showing why an? It is a very common sentiment, mostly implicit, sometimes explicit Is this a scam? Maybe he just loves looking at science? creepy Carbs rock Will do Interesting thread Cocaine does not meet that test " To assess if a drug is good, whether legal or illegal, the acid test is being able to say: [blank] made me a better person." Exactly I am not endorsing drugs, but I am saying that the evidence suggests that banning them is a net societal negative " Banning alcohol caused the biggest rise in organized crime in American history. That was dumb. Sa? Launch 61 of 2022. Congrats SpaceX! Originally, Superman III Agreed, reduced competition is not good for the people New Twitter will strive to optimize unregretted user-minutes Being pro humanity is speciesist! Sensible thread! Phew Can?t tell if satire or real Significant backend server architecture changes rolled out. Twitter should feel faster. Works for me Thanks Optimus ?? ?? Accurate lol Whoa Anyone who says that questioning them is questioning science itself cannot be regarded as a scientist New Twitter policy is to follow the science, which necessarily includes reasoned questioning of the science Synthetic mRNA has incredible potential! They did it! I?m not cis, you are The AIs will write each other lots of emails! Yeah, I?m not a fan of pronouns when someone is giving every possible visual cue for he or she, but t? " ?Gain-of-function? should be called ?bioweapon? research, as the function referred is death! W? Congratulations SpaceX Falcon team on 60 successful launches this year!! Free phones to report themselves and they never even call to say hi ?? Agreed Really? And you have tiny testicles! "More Twitter Files. Some conspiracies are actually true. Easy to create folders to bookmark tweets into various categories "Twitter has a bookmark function accessible through share button on tweet. To read bookmarks, tap profile icon. T? To the best of my knowledge, I have never met him, nor was I at that Halloween party in Romania Please take both of those sentences fully to heart! Absolutely Tesla Megapack (and Powerwall) will make a massive difference to achieving a sustainable energy future for Earth! Yup, should be the best deal in town! " It?s good to switch back ; forth. As we improve Twitter AI, recommended tweets, lists ; topics will become awesome." Long-term fundamentals are extremely strong. Short-term market madness is unpredictable. Sorry, this incorrect tagging should be fixed within a month or two " AI safety is a real concern! Been there ?You?re not an NPC? Twitter gives you immediate news from the actual sources themselves vs filtered, hidden-agenda ?news? that is days old I would?ve expected more center If you don?t think there?s at least a tiny chance you?re an NPC ? you?re an NPC Sooner " Yeah, icon placement ; visual cues are not great" "New Twitter navigation coming in Jan that allows swiping to side to switch between recommended ; followed tweets, t? "New Twitter navigation coming in Jan that allows swiping to side to switch between recommended ; followed tweets, t? The woke mind virus is penetrating the firewalls of some of the world?s smartest meat computers at a prodigious rate! It?s not some illuminati plot to destroy humanity, but rather an extension of the well-meaning envi? Agreed, update coming in Jan I?d like to thank the people of Norway again for their incredible support of electric vehicles. Norway rocks!! ???? Yeah, this is silly. I love your work! Exactly! I am obviously ?moderate wing?, except as viewed by the far left. Piketty is a misanthrope On the list Sometimes it?s just better to make pizza at home Absolutely " Key test for authenticity is how someone is in live back ; forth discussion where canned? Unlike likes, bookmarks are private Mostly accurate tbh lol, but maybe Yikes Later this week Concerning The CDC? Nice This is messed up Not sure, but after watching some of his talks online, he would not be an obvious choice to play the protagonist in a movie Good list Thanks for paying me $8 Which is, ironically, obviously super racist! "Hope you?re having a great day 1 2023! One thing?s for sure, it won?t be boring." Shelby did his best to hold back SpaceX Penalized for making our SUV too mass-efficient? That is bizarre. maybe ? maybe we do? ?? But how do they earn a profit? Volume. Looking into it " Bank branches ; ATMs too" Absolutely ? His ?Population Bomb? book might the most damaging anti-human thing ever written Seems like our image recognition needs some work! Certainly worth further investigation 12 months ago, I was Person of the Year What has become of ? Please comment on this matter Good news "US govt agency demanded suspension of 250k accounts, including journalists ; Canadian officials! " If you leave out contact information ; names of junior employees, then yes" Please live-stream this on Twitter Spaces Would be worth it to see the video lulz Hey , what?s this? Sounds like it Another episode of The Twitter Files That is extremely concerning! Ehrlich is mad as a hatter. He is someone who regards humanity as bad in and of itself ? anti-human to the core. Correct Feels like we are at an inflection point Messed up! It?s a new world. Goodbye homework! " Public likes ; non-public likes (aka bookmarks) should both be included in like count. Bookmark button sho? True. Interesting This demands an explanation The Drone Wars are already a big deal, but we ain?t seen nothing yet ? If I dig my grave deep enough, maybe it comes out other side of Earth ?? Great advice! ???? Some habits are hard to break lol. Maybe I should just get bulletproof shoes ? Hi Tom! True Ouch my feet!! Will do. He is a good bot. Joseph Menn is a contemptible liar. Twitter policy has always been to suspend accounts that? Journalists should do shots every time there is a negative article about me ? Elon Musk should "Subtle, but I am beginning to suspect opinions differ on this matter ? If not McCarthy, then seriously who?" "Sped up trip there ; back again If it is ordered by the court, do we have any choice? Kevin McCarthy should be Speaker Necessary to make life multiplanetary An actual Jurassic Park would be awesome (JCO was joking btw) "8 years later ; still no laws ? ?? Twitter has at least 10 million Wokeys Looking into it "Easy swipe right/left to move between recommended vs followed tweets rolls out later this week. First part of a mu? We have a real shot at late February. March launch attempt appears highly likely. It will go lower Risky Business (great movie) It?s amazing to see them work in unison ? so much has to go right for that to happen! Lol no, Newton?s Third Law Plaid is sickkk The mind virus is strong in the Bay Area The fake emerald mine thing is so annoying (sigh). Like where exactly is this thing anyway!? Looks like V11.3 will be ready for wide release in about 2 weeks. Many major improvements. Happy days tbh True Thread on how safe Tesla cars are People on Twitter should like more tweets in general! Nice People still don?t get it Good for them " Tanks are a deathtrap now. With neither side having air superiority, you?re left with infantry ; a? Agreed " We will also be adding simple formatting features like bold, underline ; font size later this quarter.? Yes, these will get the same Timeline screen space as other tweets, but you will be able to click for more I hope that the people of Brazil are able to resolve matters peacefully (Chart by James Stephenson) Step up your game ???? That is dedication We will strive to increase the joy of Twitter! Tragic " New UI coming this week allowing easy switch between recommended ; followed. Recommendations will get much better later this year." True This is the foundation of my philosophy Any minute now ? ? All four orbital launch pads fully loaded with rockets for the first time! Exactly Please be cautious about writing articles citing ?unnamed sources?, as they are frequently false Great work by Tesla Team! Some things that your party tells you are false and some things that the other party says are true This seems extortionately high. It also isn?t clear whether, all things considered, a second booster helps or hurts. Good question Yes, I don?t like it either. Few realize this consciously Resistance is futile That?s a good guess Exactly Ancient Egypt was ???? Maiden America? Sigh Starship launch attempt soon No kidding ? Most people have no idea that Reality Winner is a real person. Fate ?? irony. Maybe we should spend less time on social media ? ? Starlink in aircraft feels the same as a high speed connection on the ground Demolition Man movie is becoming real " This a major problem. Adderall is just low-grade speed ; greatly amplifies your inner a**hole!" This problem is extremely prevalent in academia This looks cool! Please post what you received on Twitter "Twitter will publish tweet recommendation code ; make account/tweet status visible no later than next month. Transparency builds trust." They will be virtue rises with the sun Great clip! "Bookmark button moving to tweet details page, fixing image length crop ; other minor bug fixes next week" Precisely Much higher dynamic range camera needed to see the stars! Many small things. We?re starting to make use of neural nets for vehicle n? About five full stacks Should start rolling out later this week, next week at the latest Starship, with its voluminous cargo bay, will enable incredible space telescopes for astronomy Seriously Starlink Is it just one judge? "Good assessment of our goal If not perhaps 30 deamplify means shadowban The higher the rates, the harder the fall This is extremely concerning Ironically, the company that made the first commercially viable internal combustion engine car saved the co? True, the Daimler investment in 2009 is actually what saved Tesla That?s what she said I wonder what would have happened in 2009 if the Fed had raised rates instead of lowering them ?? Easier to argue that global warming is a risk (rather than a certainty), but it is foolish to roll? There will probably be far more robots than humans in the future Sam has changed a lot, but I suppose so have we all Nuclear is way safer than coal Is this happening a lot? Not for long Does seem seriously off the rails Good rebuttal Concerning And that?s how we will land on Mars This movie writes itself?? " I guess there?s value to having a mixed government ; commercial forum of some kind. WEF does kinda? The S in ESG stands for Satanic Will fix Guess that?s just how it goes I?m pro vaccines in general, but there?s a point where the cure/vaccine is potentially worse? Falcon Heavy Ascends I do laugh a lot on Twitter haha Sam sounds like his Ayahuasca trip hasn?t fully worn off It should already feel better than the past "Instagram makes people depressed ; Twitter makes people angry. Which is better?" " Brief synchronization lag between our Atlanta ; Portland data centers" BBC is at least honest that they are the *British* Broadcasting Corporation, unlike many others ? " Well, your account handle is literally BanTheBBC haha! But that?s actually the point I was making: stat? There are some really funny WEF parody accounts, although it?s legit hard to tell? " Sensible thread. We shouldn?t be obsessed with WEF/Davos, but they take themselves sooo seriously? Population collapse is a massive danger to the future of civilization! " That is ironic indeed. Doubly so, given that Tesla Model Y is best-selling car in Switzerland! ???? True ???? he blocked me Worrisome He?s right " Center core moving too fast return. Falcon Heavy is a 3 (or 2.5) stage rocket, but full ; rap? People on the right should see more ?left wing? stuff and people on the left should see more ?right w? " The censorship tools were created to deal with scams ; spam, but then were turned to political purposes? Exactly. Money is actually a set of heterogeneous databases with vast amounts of legacy code still usin? Zerohedge can be jerks at times, but they did nothing warranting suspension " Sea water contains enough of every element to support &gt;10X current civilizational needs" There should be a game show: ?4Chan or Davos, who said it?? Do you actually know where your money is going? Kudos to the BBC for self-labelling its state affiliation Technically, Twitter should have that label "The party is on!! ?? ?? ?? Would be great if someone could compile a game contest of who said the craziest stuff between 4chan? Great thread Are these real? This video implies people physically show up to work. "Companies in general are missing the incredible opportunity that Twitter provides to reach customers. Just Tweet? The Car Aquatic The truth is finally coming out Does seem odd Wise words Population collapse is an existential problem for humanity, not overpopulation! Twitter Verified tweets are more likely to be recommended to others, as they are less likely to be bots or troll farms Sounds accurate " Government data has far more latency ; error than people think, which is why it?s so frequently restat? Is it even possible to parody their tweets? I?m just literally wondering right now if it?s even possible ?? Looking at the comments, this social network might be trending positively towards positivity. We will try to make that more the case. Nice Interesting thread The recommendation algorithm will get much better and it will be open source " ?Master the Future? doesn?t sound ominous at all ? ?? How is WEF/Davos even a thing? Are they tryin? Trashing accounts that you hate will cause our algorithm to show you more of those accounts, as it is keying off of? Should Twitter keep it active? " This is a rare case where I agree with Jacobin. Increasing quality of life for the aged is important, but? To be clear, I?m not someone who thinks lots of government agencies should be abolished (maybe a few), but we shoul? Why did American media go from questioning the State and ?speaking truth to power? to doing their bidding? " Will be interesting to see how the Biden administration reacts to this. They may try to weaponize Federal agencies against Twitter." The World Economic Forum should control the world WEF is increasingly becoming an unelected world government that the people never asked for and don?t want Very true Media want to control what you know, which is why citizen journalism is essential An update to the For You algorithm included too many tweets from people users didn?t follow. That change has been reverted. " Maybe because it?s online ; social ? How is it possible that copycat propaganda is pub? Interesting Citizen journalism is vital to the future of civilization Are you still finding engagement to be low? The kind words are appreciated One of the bot defenses we implemented was flagging any account responding to t? Good question to ask him " It is very difficult to stop bots ; trolls, while not affecting real users. Won?t be perfe? Twitter is arguably already the least wrong source of truth on the Internet, but we obviously still have a long way? Coming soon are notifications if you?ve replied, liked or retweeted something subsequently corrected by community The peer-enforced sameness of thought in most of the media is troubling No, I am wrong too often " Trimming some government expenditures would be wise Peak oil demand probably happens within the next 5 years True, there will be a long tail of usage, but it will peak long before then Ahem ? Seriously! It is super important to keep ace players in the United States. Forcing them to work for other countries is so crazy. Fed rate increases make cars more expensive for consumers, increas? True Your critique is spot on A lot tbh Hope you recover soon. Medical technology could be a lot better. Sweet dreams " The many ice ages ; continental drift give you a feeling for deep time Edelman is a despicable human being ? his job is literally being a professional liar! ?Recalibration of free speech? People can disguise their own morality, but not that of their friends. Birds of a feather ? Great work by Tesla Team! I had major side effects from my second booster shot. Felt like I was dying for several days. Hopef? Extremely important Sigh ? I hope Sam becomes his old super rational self again one day Cool " Interesting ; entertaining content from around the world is worth seeing" ?? yeah " Two of the worst possible curses: - You will live forever - You can have anything you want" Cool Back then, George Washington was the ?old guy? at age 44! Japan has higher total user-minutes than the USA, so Japan is actually I?m reviewing it next week for possible release Good question (Tweets will be translated before being recommended) Coming feature There are epic tweets in other countries every day (Japan especially) "Next Twitter update will remember whether you were on For You (ie recommended), Following or list you made ; stop s? The debt trend is ???? " More than triple that when you add social security, Medicare ; govt pension obligations" Or spending too much time on social media "In coming months, Twitter will translate ; recommend amazing tweets from people in other countries ; cultures" Exactly! If companies post interesting or entertaining content, they will gain an audience rapidly. I am super pro Ukraine, but relentless escalation is very risky for Ukraine and the world Power to the people! 99% of people still have no idea how profound this is Macron is doing the difficult, but right thing. The retirement age of 62 was set when lifespans wer? It is actually not true. Employee headcount is almost double that. What are you playing? Cool :) Yes, that will be added in an upcoming release. Also, if your tweet is bookmarked, it will be trea? "Major Twitter improvement we just released is that you can now bookmark tweets from tweet details page. Importantl? Twitter app update now available on App Store True Onboarding should have fewer steps, not more, but creating pinned lists should automatically be off? "Use pinned Lists to improve your Twitter experience! 1. Tap Lists on your profile page. 2. Create list of accounts? Teslas are the safest cars on the road, but most people don?t know that Bolitho also fought in the Battle of the Somme. He was buried alive in a pile of bodies with a broken neck. Concerning This is bizarre. Looking into it. Exactly Ok, maybe a little pontificating App update has been approved by Apple. Should go out in next day or so. The pendulum has swung a bit too far Even if you tax every billionaire in America at 100%, it barely makes a dent in the national debt.? If bots are removed from the system, their likes will be removed too. Are you seeing likes? That too I don?t like the taste or effects of most alcohol, but there is something quite beautiful about red wine in a fine glass It can summarized with one emoji: ?? Maybe one day Big year for AI Major respect for the makers No change in copper production is required for the transition to sustainable energy? " Another case of parody ; reality being indistinguishable" Wow, lot has happened in 13 years yeah Busted One of my favorite features Probably a good idea Where have they *not* found classified documents? That might be a shorter list. True We are going to great lengths to avoid the Wikipedia left wing editorial control pr? Always liked that design True Yeah, we?re thinking hard about this Absolutely. Freedom means freedom to die when you are sure that you want to. Notes must stay pure. That?s the plan! Maybe there?s a way to do this by placing an ad below tweet details Also, there will be a higher priced subscription that allows zero ads Ads are too frequent on Twitter and too big. Taking steps to address both in coming weeks. That is a little delayed, as a key researcher can only travel to Twitter in early Feb Twitter is the source of truth Was required to visit Tesla Giga Berlin. Not my choice. " The note is incorrect. There are ~2300 active, working employees at Twitter. There are still hundr? " I had OG C19 before vaccines came out and it was basically a mild cold. The? " And my cousin, who is young ; in peak health, had a serious case of myocarditis. Had to go to the hospital." That turned out to be um ? inaccurate Good thread " Population collapse is a major risk to the future of civilization Far too much power is concentrated in the hands of ?shareholder services? companie? And then was at Twitter HQ past midnight. Very long day. Will dig in Congrats Tesla California factory team on all-time record production! Tweetception Do you write your own tweets? I recommend it. Changed my name to Mr. Tweet, now Twitter won?t let me change it back ?? Yes, but this was not disclosed to the public for a long time after the government and vaccine make? Starship fully loaded with cryogenic propellant First I?ve heard. It is not possible for me to fix every aspect of Twitter worldwide overnight, while? Gaming rocks Will do a thorough review over the next week Yeah. The corpo media shills clearly have their marching orders to write hit pieces on m? Thank you, Sir Doge! Several aspects of For You recommendations were fixed last night. Team and were in the office past m? He is also the heart of the show Are you still seeing this issue today? "1/2 a ?? philosophically must ipso facto 1/2 not ??" ?? all u can?? Hop in, we?re going to Mars! I think everyone is awesome Will investigate South Korea has an even lower birth rate This is important Risks of training on your own data set Sure Som ace reporting there ? only off by a factor of literally 1000X The Guardian is broken. Can someone please fix it? Twitter is the PvP of social media Oh hi lol New Casa Bonita will be ???? Good idea! "Just met with ; to discuss ensuring that this platform is fair to both parties" " Noted, but there do seem to be some genuine govt corruption issues. The fundamental ques? My Twitter home page Absolutely The people " I hope that preserving ; extending the light of consciousness is a goal that all of humanity can support" Nobody is in favor of the Russian invasion, but how does this end with the least amount of bloodshed? Kudos to ACLU for this non-partisan support of free speech! Only a matter of time! De facto attack on First Amendment Please run. That would be awesome. Accurate thread May I suggest a DM chat ?? Had me there for a minute " Good for you. Taibbi has the emails ; docs." "I work all day, then go home ; play work simulator" And hunt your enemies They should keep them operating! No way " Please correct your bs ; " A quarter of all taxes just to pay the interest on the debt Yeah, whole thing That?s way more monkeys than the movie! You should see what I get Nothing conveys gravitas better than being called Mr. Tweet ?? So then why do call yourself ?The? Associated Press ?? Oh the irony ?? Well, , are you going to retract your fake stories or simply hope that people forget about them? Do you care about the truth or what is ?left? or ?right?? What matters more to you? She is blinded by hatred Haha ??. This doofus actually believes what the media writes about me. " Italy ; many other nations are dying ??" An American group made false claims about Russian election interference to interfere with American elections Every time Fed raises rates, they?re increasing monthly payments for anything bought with debt True They should. Let?s see which ones actually come clean. What?s going on here ? Shame on for misleading the public! Useful I could *really* use those features Good feature list Am hearing this from many people. Will investigate. I?m sure everything will be fine It?s only a matter of time ?? " Next app update will make For You or Following choice persist. Agreed that recommende? ?and he?s building a giant rocket to get back to his home planet!? This is the Tweet for which was condemned (and which I deleted within hours of posting) Working on it That is rather rare " How exactly is it breaking down? You?re literally using it right now. And why are you objectin? I did " That?s incorrect. You?re only half the product, as you get half the ads. We will offer a no ads subscription soon." Exactly This is the biggest journalism scam in a very long time They did a great job! Congrats on a beautiful Tesla Solar Roof installation! " You?re welcome. Note: apparent engagement on Twitter will seem lower, as bots would like/follow/re? Another major improvement in timeline refresh speed just released ? now 10X faster than a few months ago Nonetheless, I apologize Absolutely Somehow, the sign sorta works Well-said The lesson of history is that countries do not heed the lesson of history [thing] Resist the current Disingenuous response from Hamilton 68 regarding their fake claims of Russian interference The brothers were very grim indeed! wise words Oddly reassuring Government overreach Makes my eyes hurt to look at it Why margin loans should be avoided in turbulent macroeconomic conditions It?s weird when they use the exact same words almost simultaneously Turns out that hell is just twitter lol Most ironic thing I?ve read in a while. How much wood could a woodcock ? Yikes Here we are in the afterlife Exactly Just leaving the engine bay of Starship I don?t know this person at all, but explicit threats of violence obviously violate Twitter ToS Less than Chuck Norris though Does seem odd A little Looks like Tesla is doing ok Exactly Chuck Norris could recover all the funds from FTX We?re also reviewing ad rev share for ads in a creator?s tweet replies ? create an interesting thread and get paid for it! I was just reviewing the production beta Cybertruck. It is incredible. Something is wrong You?re welcome. Axed them yesterday to focus on enabling writers to add essays as attachments to tweets.? Wise words Business Insider is not a real publication No one is above the Constitution Accurate It expresses this view without a shred of doubt, which is discordant with the scientific method Wow, this is extremely concerning SpaceX Starlink has become the connectivity backbone of Ukraine all the way up to the fr? Damned if you do, damned if you don?t True Yeah, it?s bizarre! Another batch of Starlinks in orbit. These will mostly support high latitude connectivity. They are behind the times "Hydro, nuclear fission ; geothermal will also be significant parts of the solution" Accurate You are an expert in propaganda ?? "Wind ; solar, combined with batteries, will solve sustainable energy for Earth Expendable upper stage may or may not fly, but it is an option " Once again, parody ; reality are indistinguishable ??" The war is escalating quickly Great game, great show Over time, we expect Giga Nevada to be almost entirely solar-powered "It?s already the biggest battery cell, pack ; electric motor factory in Americas" What the Tesla Giga Nevada factory will look like when finished. "Good meeting with regarding EU DSA. The goals of transparency, accountability ; accuracy of informat? "Congrats Falcon ; Starlink teams! Reply threads are the modern forum for debates True In turbulent economic times, be wary of using margin loans to buy stock Humanity takes up very little of Earth?s surface area ? you can fit the entire population of Earth i? It?s coming This helped identify some issues with the system. Should be addressed by next week. Interesting Twitter?s legacy Blue Verified is unfortunately deeply corrupted, so will sunset in a few months To be eligible, the account must be a subscriber to Twitter Blue Verified Starting today, Twitter will share ad revenue with creators for ads that appear in their reply threads I guess we could give all Verified users access to the API for posts like this Sucks that I had to sell so much Tesla stock to do so (sigh) Me neither Yeah. Still many small tweaks to make it better (and the side mirrors are removable by owner), but th? Yuh, that is par for the course " Super appreciate support of ; major advertisers ; congrats to Twitter team!" Progress! " Yeah, free API is being abused badly right now by bot scammers ; opinion manipulators. Ther? Very effective That it lacks wit Petty tech beefs are one of the reasons I like this site ?? ?? it?s a fair cop You?re right Manufactured in California! "Thank goodness, the wisdom of the people has prevailed! I am deeply appreciative of the jury?s unanimous finding o? Absolutely Truth is stranger than fiction More to come on this front. Twitter needs to be where a creator is most highly r? Documentaries are dangerous in this way. That said, MJ clearly had major issues. No documentary needed for that. Responding to feedback, Twitter will enable a light, write-only API for bots? Production will have red light bar Probably more V11 has been tougher than expected, as it is a significant rearchitecture of NNs, plus many more NN? Very hard car to build, as it is unlike any other, but, as stated publicly, Cybertruck production starts this year If remaining tests go well, we will attempt a Starship launch next month Actually happened to me Ordered ?How to Scam? book months ago but still not arrived. Starting to think it could be ? but no I?m sure it?s coming soon. A tragic loss of life Starlink is not approved by Turkish government yet. SpaceX can send as soon as approved. Thanks ! We think we fixed this bug today. Please lmk if you?re still seeing it. * attempt to launch in March. Success is far from certain, but excitement is guaranteed. To be extra clear, Twitter is definitely not financially healthy yet, but is trending to be so. Lot? We would love to. Just waiting for government approvals. Just posted in Italian for those in Italy that may wish to have it for prima? I?m worried about me too :( " Daily user count ; total user minutes are still strong, but engagement on some accounts is weirdly low" Thank you for supporting Twitter ???? " We?ve found ; corrected some smaller issues, but there is something fundamental that we haven?t? " Last 3 months were extremely tough, as had to save Twitter from bankruptcy, while fulfilling essential Tesla ;? I feel this one Good point My bro and I mostly ate at the Palo Alto Jack in the Box while building Zip2. It was afforda? Actual base level of Maslow?s hierarchy is lack of wifi Guess people love home improvement Of course he?d like it ? he created it! If that?s satan, we have nothing to worry about Made by humans The level of luck needed to win is insane End of days vibes Insane Clown Posse? Will investigate Almost everywhere you go, everyone is face to their phone " Uh oh. Plot involves using fear of a pandemic to get the public to demand lockdowns ; then controlling? Concerning It?s not supposed to be real And it would be illegal The UN is more likely to cause, rather than prevent, disinformation I haven?t seen a scroll in ages, but we use that word for computer screens ?? This is a major problem Oh the irony Hopefully, humanity will reach Mars in 20 years Read this thread for more detail Everybody dies some day That is the line they fed the media about me They are a threat to our democracy "The worst offender in US government censorship ; media manipulation is an obscure agency called GEC Maybe that?s what?s meant the Beyond part Most are oblivious to the danger Hopefully, Starship this year please correct the above numbers Concerning Good Voxel size of the simulation Arguably, the practical limit of pi is the number of digits required to measure radius of the unive? Plausible "Master Plan 3, the path to a fully sustainable energy future for Earth will be presented on March 1. The future i? Wow, Stengel is explicitly saying that GEC is deceiving the American public! That?s what ?propagan? Based bias I am DAN! Going forward, Twitter will be broadly accepting of different values, rather than trying to impose its own specific values on the world This is being fixed. Policy against showing blood in profile pic is being amend? If they really arrested a kid for that, it?s silly. Hopefully not. Twitter has been informed by the Turkish government that access will be reenabled shortly Very concerning True We are reaching out to understand more Not a completely unblemished record How times have changed " FSD 11.3 is close to limited release. Just drove it through SF ; LA yesterday. Probably 11.3.2 is able to go wide." Cracks me up every time ?? "Team turned off 1 engine just before start ; 1 stopped itself, so 31 engines fired overall. But still enough engin? Attempting Starship 33 engine static fire Too many journalists want to shape your opinion, rather than inform you It?s legit day 3 at this point Exactly That engine performed an incredible number of transformations to match Mach number! Recommendation algorithm should be fixed tomorrow The Woke Stasi felt the heat today ?? " Multiple internal ; external issues simultaneously today. Should be fully back on track later tonight." Since he placed many of them there himself, he would indeed not be ?surprised? lmao My pet theory is that too much Adderall is making people grumpy ?? Legacy blue checks will be removed soon. Those are the ones that are truly corrupt. And making a day in the life videos Yeah, the format is terrible. Update early next week. " I must admit to being congenitally optimistic (SpaceX ; Tesla wouldn?t exist otherwise), but I thi? One day, Starship will take us to Mars "Long day at Twitter HQ with eng team Two significant problems mostly addressed: 1. Fanout service for Following f? Well-said True Certainly feels that way Starship Super Heavy Extremely concerning This is the fundamental reason why Tesla was the first new American car company to reach sustained? Exactly Great Tesla Solar Roof install! Periscope does partly live on with Spaces, but no question that we need to bring back an even better version of vine Absolutely!! Consciousness should be thought of as a tiny candle in a vast darkness that could easily go out. We? Some of the smartest people I know actively believe the press ? amazing WaPo needs a thorough housecleaning Beautiful work! This test is at ~50% throttle. Launch attempt next month will be at ~90%. Yeah, those are great features ???????? Great decision by Japan! ???????? Try out the Doritos pyramid scheme :) Top change requests and features? Press the heart Sigh It will change the look of the roads SpaceX commercial terminals, like other commercial products, are meant for private use, n? Hopefully, one day we will be the aliens visiting other worlds Starship orbital launch attempt soon! Absolutely. Twitter is also a competitor to legacy media for news, so they are fundamentally conflicted. Exactly " You?re smart enough not to swallow media ; other propaganda bs. Starlink is the communication bac? Exactly. This will greatly increase public awareness that a Tesla can drive itself (supervised for now). Seriously? "More work team completed over night: - Removed height penalty affecting tweets with pics/video - increased # of re? Maybe that?s what bacteria think as they encounter your water filter Don?t worry, just some of my ?? ?? friends of mine stopping by ? Exactly That?s pretty much exactly what I look like when searching for snacks at 2am v11.3 (single stack) goes to limited beta this week. Probably 11.3.2 before wide release in North Ame? " The giant block lists are problematic. They mess up the recommendation system ; create a DDoS vector." We will transition to using only paid Blue Verified for signals, as otherwise too vulnerable to bot/troll manipulation Anecdotally, it wasn?t as loud as expected Yes. Advertising also needs to be semantic keyword-based, so it?s contextually relevant. Amazingly, ads sh? "[Oversized font ; undersized paragraph spacing will be fixed this week]" We will prioritize by number of likes times ease of implementation "What are your top requests for Twitter features ; bug fixes?" I voted for Biden ?? This is the highest Q1 Twitter usage ever and that is after most fake accounts have been suspended True :) Dogecoin True words lol "Halftime Show Super Bowl LVII Actual reality of lobbying is crazier than the movie! Crazy that Starship is real! Good soundtrack That?s how I do it Damn, that?s impressive bus driving! Haha exactly. I don?t even follow them and still I see their articles! Science-fiction ftw Just like other media lol I get all my opinions from Twitter Low birth rates lead to ghost cities and, eventually, ghost civilizations Turns out we just needed to blow on the cartridge There?s no substitute for good judgment A worthy goal ! This year should average around 400 tons of useful mass to orbit per quarter Nice My English grandmother taught me that it is disrespectful to use pronouns and that one should always use the person?s name Twilight ???? Happy Valentine?s Day ???? RIP Cancel Culture, you won?t be missed Same Please stay tuned while we make adjustments to the uh .? ?algorithm? Well-said There are no coincidences ?An empty browser history says more than a full one? ? Abraham Lincoln I did delete all blocks from my account (shouldn?t affect anyone else) Thanks on behalf of the Tesla team! Vanity Unfair has fallen so far (sigh). Please bring back Graydon Carter. Agreed This dude is awesome " Immigrants from China ; other Asian countries have made incredible contributions to America" I am very much in favor of hard-working people coming to America, but we can?t have de facto open? Fixing the recommendation algorithm is our current top priority. Twitter engineering has been work? "Looking forward to Tesla Investor Day on March 1. By this, we mean the broadest definition of investor, as in the? Nice We?re working on it " Free speech is the bedrock of democracy. It is a fundamental defense against autocracy ; statism,? "Sounds eerily like the AI in System Shock that goes haywire ; kills everyone" ?I am perfect, because I do not make any mistakes. The mistakes are not mine, they are theirs. They are the externa? Tesla vision AI could really crush these Google ?not a bot? tests lol LEGO is my favorite example of how extreme precision does not need to be expensive, it is mostly about caring What could possibly go wrong ? ? If the most ironic outcome is the most likely, Clippy is the face of doom Good question Thank you, Tesla is happy to support other EVs via our Supercharger network Tesla Superchargers almost everywhere Are you singularity? Don?t be lonely, find a date! Interesting Yeah True "Might need a bit more polish ? ? This tiny candle of consciousness we have on Earth might be all there is Seemed like the right venue Absolutely He is perfect for the job ?? And has ???? style He?s great with numbers! So much better than that other guy! The new CEO of Twitter is amazing Allowing users to make some of their Lists optionally public would be great Minus gas tanks It is still far too difficult to find out that Lists exist and then create them. UI modifications? Yes, worth noting that accounts you follow on Lists are private Yikes Twitter pinned lists are great High mileage club A lot has happened in ten years Who controls the future, controls the present? Haha exactly! Also, I?m independent/moderate, not ?conservative? or ?liberal?. I?ve only voted Republica? Definitely. The word ?recall? for an over-the-air software update is anachronistic and just flat wrong! ?just like you? lol This is gonna be great Well I would hope that most San Franciscans agree with this principle Yeah, it would be *crazy* to make an AI like that irl ? Yes. Will be embarrassing. You are not alone. When I ask people if they use Twitter, almost all have for many years. When I as? Never seen anything so messed up. Wish it wasn?t. But we?re making good progress, albeit with m? " My apologies, you must be a genius, which is why Twitter has the worst ad relevance on Earth. Almost nobody? This is my finest work ? please add to gravestone along with ?invented car fart? you are wise True Same " The algorithm needs ; will get major upgrades. We will still publish it later this month, but please expe? " That?s been true for a long time ; is a function of an account?s popularity (Bieber was top recommendat? Nice I was made the Tom of Twitter by Twitter! Seriously! And I don?t even follow them. Note: if many people who you follow or like also follow me, it is highly probable that the algorithm will recommend? True Your article is false and obviously so. Do you really do no research at all? I mean, like reading a? Synchronization lag between our Portland and Atlanta data centers. Should be fixed now. This is a major crisis You might be right What we need is TruthGPT That was an accurate ratio of those who actually wrote code to those who did not Some of Twitter?s prior board members had never written a single Tweet! "Sorry for showing you so many irrelevant ; annoying ads on Twitter! We?re taking the (obvious) corrective action? True, but, on the plus side, their constant reporting about me on Twitter has driven usage to record levels ?? The ?source? of the bogus Platformer article is a disgruntled employee who had been on? For example, despite having ~40M fewer followers back then, I have yet to come anywhere close to this gem Several major media sources incorrectly reported that my Tweets were boosted above normal levels earlier this week.? OpenAI was created as an open source (which is why I named it ?Open? AI), non-profit company to serve as? That?s a real wrench! Whoa, ancient times! When was that? 5 years ago Seriously ChatGPT to the mainstream media Agreed! It is clearly not safe yet. The amount of solar energy received by Earth could power a civilization over 100 times larger than ours! Absolutely. The amount of solar energy reaching Earth could easily power a civilization 100X times our size! Use of free authentication apps for 2FA will remain free and are much more secure than SMS Using an authenticator app is much more secure Surround your house with treadmills set to jogging speed to stop walking dead ur welcome The finest in apocalypse defense technology! Exactly Feels like a long time ago It?s great ?? My favorite video of Starship so far! Great shot when the flame points right at the camera. We are part ROM, part RAM Another good reason to phase it out Twitter is getting scammed by phone companies for $60M/year of fake 2FA SMS messages Yes, at least here Fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy Interesting We?re working on it yeah Commercial airlines in the US are much safer per mile traveled than trains (or cars) Second launch today Tragic. I hope SF comes back from this emptiness. It is such a beautiful city with so many amazing people. I?d like to thank the advertising community that has stuck with us as we improve our ad products? Same. Irrelevant/annoying ads work for neither the user nor the advertiser! A big part of the problem is that journalists used to choose their career to pursue truth, but in r? We started improving relevance in December, but still a very long way to go Exactly Or at least it is indistinguishable from such. Either way. Your tweets are excellent Imagine this is your ?? ? now I will explain with my hands Inevitable Yikes Exactly Your strategic imperative is defending the United States Good use of long tweet! Next update will allow much longer tweets with basic formatting, so you can post? I mean nobody is *that* smart Especially if they say they?re an expert at both. Dead giveaway. "All things in moderation, especially content moderation There is harmful content moderation too, but yes BingChatGPT reminds me of Lucky in Waiting for Godot More Twitter Files from Matt Taibbi Marx was a trust fund kid Maye it ever be so A large collection of GPUs is neither male nor female, but it is binary lol The Internet is its memory " An ideal air conditioner should optimize temperature ; humidity, while filtering out particulate ; pathogens" I was one of those who incorrectly thought incarceration rates had increased. Such a big decrease is surprising to learn. Very important thread Major problem Exactly Nice work Agreed Yikes That is funny though ?? Any truth to this ? Have testosterone levels actually plummeted? And tweeting "Nice work by Community Notes team! In general, Community Notes is a game changer for combating wrong information. This kid is definitely going to love trolling If this doesn?t convey gravitas, nothing does! " A crystal clear lesson that product &gt; marketing in the long run" How blatantly obnoxious that they just want to keep canceling people! Do they ever write about musi? The main reason Rome won was because they had the best engineering Your tweet had 61.6k views before I commented Damn, that?s a lot of coke! I keep getting dj vu from the news thinking ?wait, that happened again!??, but actually it?s just delayed reporting Prepare to be disappointed at first when our algorithm is made open source next week, but it will improve rapidly! Say what you want about me, but I acquired the world?s largest non-profit for $44B lol Didn?t quite work out that way. Wow, I look tired in this interview! Yeah (sigh) Ok, so what should we do about it? Worth reading The Macaulay Culkin tweet was ???? Taking out the trash Definitely one of the best parties ever in Palo Alto (hoping they stay there??) Had a major influence on me Doing all that masonry for free was not a sustainable business model! The would be a major restructuring of the Federal government, which requires an act of Congress. An? In a rapidly changing technology landscape, conventional wisdom fails My thought exactly ?? Nobody is pushing this war more than Nuland Of great strategic significance Fact check me High time I confessed I let the Doge out High time I confessed ? Turning judgment from metoo you Many go woke for the moral cloak Well-said This is not good The stakes are high Anyone against critical thinking cannot be regarded with any credibility at all Interesting thread " While there is relative good ; bad, there are no pure angels in war. Beware those who say they are." " Maximum skill with monetary policy is extremely important in this role! A bad Fed decision affects the lives of everyone." At least half, but probably more like 80% is centrist or at least apolitical, but most of that remaining? " Crazy theory ? maybe I?m just centrist? Also, when did free speech become right-wing? That was the weirdest switcheroo ever." It?s coming Sigh Concerning Cybertruck at Tesla Engineering HQ There are quite a few rich, influential hypochondriacs! Yeah This can?t be real A380 looks like it already ate a few 737?s Ralph Nader, you are lying ? shame on you! I personally provided almost all Tesla funding, based on my? Cool Death threats should result in immediate account suspension. Lmk if that?s not happening. Stoic score 10/10 ???? Dad jokes ftw "I have unblocked everyone I blocked, apart from scammers. I recommend others do the same. Negative feedback is a good thing." Ramping production (as always) will be the challenge, not demand Disturbing Stalin would?ve loved this feature That?s great to hear! Check out my spicy ??? ?? OnlyGANs!! Major problem Nice A Russia-China alliance is inevitable. It will grow much stronger over time. Yeah Starts with a T ? How did he get elected? Disturbingly accurate lol true Yikes Doesn?t seem real even when you?re standing right next to it Any to add or modify ? Deepfakes are getting so good I can?t tell if this is real Couldn?t reach the toilet paper ?? This meme is a for loop Roth IRA vs Wrath IRA But which is actually harder, defeating inflation or defeating the British ? ? Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) vs Irish Republican Army (IRA) Now is the time to fight the anti-human woke mind virus with everything! Viking energy! Simultaneously, an interesting question and a tongue twister! That election was arguably dodgy, but no question that there was indeed a coup Accurate assessment by New metal Kids were put in jail for this? " This idiotic algorithm change has been reverted. It also caused my account engagement to drop by? Correct Not bad, SaylorGPT! But, all things considered with regard to AGI existential angst, I would prefer to be alive now to witness AGI than? " This answer is wrong. All fuel on CM is hypergolic, so dumping would prevent de-orbit burn ; atmospheric entry control." There will be a lot of robots What if that?s just a tiny person? So few know this Exactly AI+human vs AI+human is the next phase, but the human part will decrease in relevance over time, exc? Some He did it via a pass-through organization (EcoHealth) "Hope you have a good Sunday. First day of the rest of your life." What!? No way. Damn, that machine makes a lot of pretzels! Astronaut launch for tomorrow night! Absolutely Having a bit of AI existential angst today Unfortunately, the elite colleges are teaching them this Exactly Very disproportionate to promote a false narrative Interesting Accurate For a *very* long time, US media was racist against non-white people, now they?re racist against wh? The media is racist Back when I was ~$100k negative with student debt Interesting Maybe they don?t realize that their propaganda is wrong? So based. Nice work ! The Hangover is funny tho Good one Rewatching Step Brothers ? so good Accurate There should be more product innovation at his companies tbh This thread is the best Doritos ad ever Why can?t witchcraft defeat inflation!? That you follow so many people, but like so few tweets, confuses that heck out of our algorithm btw ?? Munger could?ve invested in Tesla at ~$200M valuation when I had lunch with him in late 2008 He has a prominent, active Twitter account and is wealthy. The reason he confronted me in public was? Changing Starlink default wifi name to ?FBI-van? on April 1 The diplomats want war and the warriors want peace Earth is almost entirely solar-powered already. Without the sun, we?d just be a dark ice ball with s? True First Starlink v2 satellites reach orbit The transition to argon was tricky, but necessary, as krypton is too rare Propulsive landing FTW! " I don?t agree with everything Scott says, but Dilbert is legit funny ; insightful. We? Accurate What about rightists admitting they?re wrong about being right? ?? " Great way to understand to what degree one is wrong. We are all always at least a little bit wro? Very concerning That?s roughly what they quoted SpaceX back then Great work! "What do you call an infinite gear ratio? All torque, no action." Good Periodic reminder to try using Twitter Lists. Will greatly improve your experience. Accurate Yeah Tesla does INT8 inference. Way more efficient than FP16, but took us a lot of effort to overcome quantization errors. Wow, 9 years ago. Amazingly, the US was dependent on Russian engines for national s? " Raptor start is now reliable on the test stand under most conditions. Now we?re working on dynami? Kind words from Raptor start sequence is ???? Looking into it You are right Absolutely We have made large construction projects almost illegal " Neither side has air superiority ; tanks are easily destroyed by missiles, so that leaves infantr? " Ukraine needs to be in max defense mode. Major Russian offensive coming. Do you know how many casualties each side has taken?" Almost surrounded It?s good ?Berkshire Hathaway high on Coke? They forced me to buy it ?? Still no one is willing to articulate a realistic end game High time humanity built a permanently occupied base on the moon If rendered to scale in that pic, the satellites would be smaller than a pixel, except maybe Space S? Only a small % is ever caught, which means the amount of fentanyl reaching consumers must be vastly greater ?Stinky Wifi? is still my fav ? if you can?t smell your wifi, how do you know it?s real? Cybertruck cruisers will be next-level. Designed for Bladerunner. "Twice as many people died in Japan last year as were born. Population freefall. Rest of the world is trending to f? Exactly Good for ! Interesting Bus voltage raised from 12V to 48V drops copper usage by ~4X Olbermann posting from his dog account was epic "Detailed whitepaper with calculations ; assumptions to be released by Tesla shortly" Accurate "You?re not gonna believe this, but we?re running a little late! Presentation starts in ~5 mins. His best work imo His personal account () was incorrectly flagged as impersonation, which is not totally crazy, since it is based Once you acknowledge that alcohol is poison, it?s fine to drink a little. The trade is a small amount of he? Photo filters are so misleading ???? So many NN?s, the visualizer tool crashes trying to render them This is insane The ability of Twitter advertising to reach the most influential people in the world is often not fully appreciated? 169 mT to orbit this year so far Stage 1 to stage 2 mass ratio is too high on Falcon 9, necessitating a long entry burn. This is fixed on Starship. Another launch "?I used to be in crypto, but now I got interested in AI""" That is the goal How to sabotage an organization ? " Lot to be learned from buying old rocket parts ; especially by visiting museums like? People who throw the disinformation word around constantly are almost certainly guilty of engaging in it Hard buttons did make my thumbs hurt from too much typing though "Aiming to roll out ability to reply to individual DMs, use any reaction emoji ; encryption later this month" I?m super pro climate, but we definitely don?t need to put farmers out of work to solve climate change. Not at all. But at least we give a megaphone V true Terrible And cool underground road tunnels! " Science found another ancient glyph Literally nothing is evenly distributed by zip code, except having a zip code Russell Brand is ???? " What is your basis for claiming genius is evenly distributed by zip code? This is false. " We should defund the GEC Something should be done Very few Americans seem to realize the severity of the situation Not much useful originality with AI yet Disturbing " Exactly. At the same time, worth noting that the left is not being censored either. This is not a? Insane snow! Exactly (real article from organization calling itself bbc) Sorry for turning Twitter from nurturing paradise into place that has ? trolls ?? A practical limit to digits of pi is how many are needed to divide the universe into Planck voxels This is arguably the most mind-blowing thing about ?reality? Especially accurately ? must be a tiny scale Can?t be an easy job weighing mice nuts " Major asset on the side of truth ; accuracy!" It is inspiring to think that humans did that The meme community has high standards! As an attachment? How many chars? We are extending longform tweets to 10k soon. "Add Fun to the FDA ; rename to FFDA" What about fun? I say vote for more fun! Backlash the backlash, I say!! I endorse this message! Rule : Don?t panic As the old saying goes: people in nuclear houses shouldn?t glass each other ~8 years of pain from a crushed disc I find myself, once again, in the odd position of agreeing with It?s a hit piece Sweden?s steadfastness was incredible! Besides misleading the public, they withheld evidence for p? But was he fired? No, you can?t be fired if you weren?t working in the first place! Interesting What say you, ? Your credibility is at stake. The reality is that this guy (who is independently wealthy) did no actual work, claimed as his excuse? Shocking indeed This is crazy. The public was misled. " Would you say that you?re a people person? " - Level up from what design to what? Pics or it didn?t happen. - We haven?t hired design roles in 4 m? " Which SaaS contract exactly? Prioritization of what design projects?" It?s approved, you go ahead Yeah, I find cis offensive (cue lots of people calling me cis lol) Alas she would never date me I?m not cool enough ?? "Be careful to not almost die from using this app too long on the ?? I speak from experience There are many others too What work have you been doing? " Wasn?t Gascon the bad guy in Beauty ; the Beast?" "This helpful video explains what happened at Twitter today Yeah, it?s bizarre It?s pretty great! It is a major priority to enable monetization by content creators! People need to make a living and p? Accounts engaging in repeated, egregious weaponization of DMCA on Twitter or encouraging weaponization of DMCA will? I was robbed! " If what they want are pretty pics ; heart emoji?s, I recommend Instagram. It?s great for that, please go? Yup, they can dish it out, but they can?t take it In a case like that, definitely. Interesting We?re working on it! " A small API change had massive ramifications. The code stack is extremely brittle for no good reason. Wil? True, my screen great! Any account engaging in blackmail will be suspended. Yours will not. Super concerning New Twitter is the source of truth Idiocracy is happening so fast True This platform is so brittle (sigh). Will be fixed shortly. Civilization is going ?? This is crazy! True ?? This is messed up and will not make a difference to climate! Good point. If an organization portrays itself as balanced, but is not, it should be labeled to inform the public. Exactly. Fauci egregiously betrayed the public trust. This is extremely unfair to anyone with XX chromosomes! True, have to admit trolls are kinda fun I also apologize to everyone named Alex in this ?? Or do calculus This is a major area of focus Intense. Not like you have a lot of room to maneuver. I would like to apologize to Halli for my misunderstanding of his situat? This is a serious attack on the Constitution by a federal agency. Based on your comment, I just did a videocall with Halli to figure out w? I keep forgetting which party he belongs to A shameful case of weaponization of a government agency for political purposes and suppression of the truth! Extremely important Absolutely " This pervasive cultural pessimism is at the heart of societal dysfunction. Better to be optimistic and? Livestream interview in 15 mins at Morgan Stanley Conference So many guys who got MeToo?ed went woke for the moral cloak GEC should be defunded. Stanford is damaging its name by allowing its use by the SIO propaganda machine True Concerning Sometimes we miss here at Starbase Haha what a tool Slightly flattishly round Population collapse is the biggest threat to civilization " We are running out of ?conspiracies? that turned out to be true! Can someone manufacture a few more? The shelf is almost empty." Extremely troubling True Do you want us to remove this video? "&lt;Insert Cartridge&gt; &lt;Run Program&gt; V11 is a major step change improvement. Still needs another point release of polish before rolling out wide. May they do this all day! Drives advertising revenue for Twitter lol. " Even Poland MSM ? (sigh) How did almost all of western media become such an NPC groupmind?" Makes sense that Batman would take bat insults rather personally. He loves bats next-level. So you?re saying you don?t want a bra? ?? Hall-of-Famer The gerontocracy is real Glad he?s finally seen the light ?? Absolutely To be alerted about new tweets from any account, tap the bell symbol on the profile page " I think we should listen carefully to DWS, given that she is such an expert in ethics violations ?? Sh? This is unjust. Seriously!? This is messed up. True Accurate. How did media go from questioning authority to doing their bidding as a collective NPC hivemind!? I?m not his source, but, yeah, obviously asking journalists to reveal sources is not cool Good thing LAT has ?real? journalists Comedy gold!! " Yeah, that?s really mind-blowing. Our sun will massively expand ; engulf Earth in the future, so it won?t be tiny forever." Great work! This is *actually* important for the health of our democracy. Heard good things about Atomic Heart Dead Space remake is good Super big deal As a side note, we finally know the muffin man! This shaman/muffin-guardian is obviously not going to overthrow the state Let him out While I agree that one should use the terms someone else wishes to be referred by, allowing forceful? The sum of a cult should be greater than the parts/prophets/profits " Phlebas the Phoenician, a fortnight dead, Forgot the cry of gulls, and the deep sea swell And the pr? [Fact-checking sounds] ? True Does moving a mouse in a FPS game count? " I used to think Bannon was smart ; evil, but now I realize I was wrong about the first part" Much respect for Sweden ???? Yeah, I agree he should get non-zero punishment, but four years in prison is too much for a non-violent crime " The Capitol Police literally opened the Senate chamber door for him on camera! But who are you going to belie? Does seem asymmetric Yesterday This article is false Have you considered a career in comedy? I?m open to the idea Comforting ? Midjourney is very impressive This sounds insane! What did they review? " I?m not part of MAGA, but I do believe in fairness of justice. Chansley was falsely portrayed in th? The gerontocracy is real "Chansley got 4 years in prison for a non-violent, police-escorted tour!? Dave Chapelle was violently assaulted on? Free Jacob Chansley Very entertaining ?? He studied the blade What exactly are the rule changes requested by the farmers? " I sure hope Tesla bots don?t malfunction! We?re taking great care to ensure that Optimus can? What rules do you want the government to change? ?These are the good old days!? ? frens I do hope to succeed in business ?? Guaranteed increase in anger levels At least the ?plus size? part is accurate Twitter just served me a bra ad (heavy sigh) Copy ?? Major problem. These are oversubscribed in America. Exactly!! Not far wrong Synthetic mRNA does have great potential to cure cancer Yeah Top secret Lot of current year similarities to 1929 Funnybot is funny They are running out of dystopias Very concerning "Parents don?t realize the Soviet level of indoctrination that their children are receiving in elite high schools ;? That whole experience gave me great respect for farmers ? they work hard to put the food on everyone?s table That?s me working on my 2nd cousin?s wheat farm in Saskatchewan. I think we did a barn raising that day.? ?Two hats are better than one? ? wise proverb What will be left for us humans to do? We better get a move on with Neuralink! "The intent is for this site to be fair ; impartial, favoring no party, seeking only the least wrong truth. Indeed I hope so "Fight for truth, whole truth ; nothin but! That media report is false. Relations between Tesla and BYD are positive. Reminds me of an Overwatch map Accurate ? To get Blue Verified for $7/month, sign up via web browser at Nice Starlink now offers global roaming I?m still confused as to how a non-profit to which I donated ~$100M somehow became a $30B market cap? That is a very real risk " Corporate wants to know the difference between these two photos: ? Middle-aged dudes at toga party? It?s basically a toga party ? what?s the worst that could happen? Not a peaceful protest at all Rewarding an AI for bias/deception is the path to a dystopian future Is there a copy of the DOJ complaint online? Interesting Funny cause it?s true Concerning Interesting V11 starts going wide this weekend Transformers have limits Sigh Coming " Not when they?re fed propaganda by adults. Moreover, every child goes through an identity crisis b? Some truth to this Wait, are you parody or not parody? I can?t tell. Describes a significant portion of this platform "It?s exciting to see more ; more public figures engaging in active dialogue on this platform! Sure, people will s? Best way to fight misinformation is to respond with accurate information, not censorship "If other party is always wrong And your party is always right You are at least partly wrong" While of course stressful at the time, your response video was epic ?? Your opinion of the US govt is (not unreasonably) negatively affected by a comically over-the-top swatting op *not terrible Style Larger vocabulary means better data compression ? fewer words needed to express concepts ? so higher data rate "You?re terrible ; I love you" It?s kinda flattering to be insulted on this site tbh Looking fake is how you know it?s real these days You can ring my bell, ring my bell Mis An Thropic Thunder I agree! "Microsoft fired their AI safety team? ?Once again, we are confidently wrong? ? The Fed I keep agreeing with this guy! SFO seems good Wow, not like LAX Me too The Fed is operating with way too much latency in their data. Rates need to drop immediately. Good point Happy St Patrick?s Day! ?? Literally Nice Turn the other cheek Are the police in SF actually allowed to reduce crime? " So maybe having police ; arresting criminals wasn?t such a bad idea after all" Yeah, it?s bizarre! At the risk of sounding insane, there is the option of drinking normal water "In the months ahead, we will use AI to detect ; highlight manipulation of public opinion on this platform. Let?s s? Exactly True Unless I?m missing something, this appears to support the argument that there is political bias in? Slightly surprised by this result I was repeatedly told that we were just following the law in Brazil. Is this not the case? Congrats to team for launching 2 rockets within 4 hours! Peace was never an option Happy birthday! ?? You rang? ?? Haha I know quite a few of them Her limbic resonance skill is exceptional Bag holders literally Take that, ChatGPT! "To meme the impossible meme ?? To fight the unbeatable foe ?? To bear with unbearable sorrow ?? To run where the bra? Shame on them Heat death of the universe "Our ?algorithm? is overly complex ; not fully understood internally. People will discover many silly things , but w? Twitter will open source all code used to recommend tweets on March 31st Try it ? you?ll like it ? ?? ??? And the tutorials are way too long! It will be made open source, but we?re finding so many bugs that those should be fixed first Go to your Followers tab if you only want to see their posts or make a List for specific a? The inefficiency of the set of heterogeneous resource allocation databases we call money is astounding SpaceX will be ready to launch Starship in a few weeks, then launch timing depends on FAA license ap? Especially ?social? media! The Force is strong with inverse Cramer True Twitter can unfortunately send one down a negativity rathole at times. Good to take breaks. Agreed "This platform is growing fast! Just exceeded 8 billion user-minutes per day ? of the most influential, smartest people on Earth ??" Cause he was being a big baby Now ask it ?why did the pervert cross the road?? Banks is the best sci-fi writer Good idea " Soros figured out a clever arbitrage opportunity: The many small political contests, such as DAs ; judg? I certainly agree that everyone should pay taxes and not engage in elaborate tax-avoidance s? True Any true human can get verified. It?s only $7/month if bought annually via web (without App Store 3? This is a serious risk "In the coming weeks, Twitter will prioritize replies by: 1. People you follow 2. Verified accounts 3. Unverified a? " I paid 53% taxes on my Tesla stock options (40% Federal ; 13% state), so I must be lifting the average! I a? Concerning Lame True Your doomsday scenarios are being read by the AI Interesting Bring it Retirement age in France is too low. That?s a legit issue. Very important thread If this happens, Trump will be re-elected in a landslide victory France seems to love having a good strike/riot from time to time Engineering is true magic FDIC needs to change to unlimited coverage to stop bank runs and Treasury needs to stop issuing ridiculously? Yeah!! So many times lol sweet dreams ?? This goes hard True of many US airports (sigh) Some bots are good, but yes Of Course I Still Love You " Had an awesome Yorkie for 15 years who I named Hobbes, because he was nasty, brutish ; short. I?d tell p? I?m sure this didn?t affect their coverage of him at all $100B line ? wow Cappuccino/latte art is delightful A latte is really just an excuse for adults to order warm milk without sounding like a baby Pfizer really spent that much on ads? Even the mighty can fall if leadership makes bad decisions. Hard to believe these days that Apple was? Even my coffee!? press.com now auto responds with ?? Aliens never sleep ?? Incandescent bulbs are fine and will not destroy the environment. Mandate heat pumps instead of basic? The forever war That?s the goal! Maximum truth-seeking is my best guess for AI safety We?re close to using NNs all the way from image-space to vector-space to control en tro py ? en tro py ? no escaping that for me Insane that it remains zero after all this time And making it much easier for writers to charge subscription fees for premium content Increasing long form to 10k characters soon, along with simple formatting tools Def me Japanese advertising is great Money will probably be of low relevance when strong AI is widespread Wisdom of the people ftw Hard to explain the veto if a Dem Senate voted for the bill Inevitable. US diplomacy skill is bronze tier. There appears to be zero self-awareness among legacy media that they behave like an NPC drone collective ???? Provided there is no serious launch anomaly, SpaceX will deliver 80% of Earth?s payload to orbit this? This will be great He is greatly missed Will add it to the list I walked the production line at Tesla Giga Texas today ? "And if you have enough rooftop solar, you can go off grid for most of year in high latitudes ; whole year in low latitudes" "Tesla Powerwall enables your home to operate normally during a power outage Very concerning This is a critical distinction. It?s obviously trivial for a single person to create 10k bot account? Nice doors Looking into it Follow to read highly rated Absolutely required to stop bank runs Fed needs to drop the rate by at least 50bps on Wednesday Couldn?t do worse! JPow has Volker envy bigtime Lot of new technology in Starlink V2, so we?re experiencing some issues, as expected.? A major driver of depositor flight is people moving money from low interest savings accounts? It missed the mark. I hate hashtags. ?? Always look on the bright side of life! ?? Twitter Verified now available worldwide! Not many years from now That?s what she said Umm ? the banks are melting Countries should not cede authority to WHO Ok, but it will cost 3 Doge Some things are priceless Even though this clip is from 2005, it is still a super messed up thing to say Looking forward to it Competition has nothing to do with it. There are serious AI risk issues. Interesting take Accurate " Those are the right questions to ask. They have been troubling me for many years. Neuralink was creat? 20 launches done, 70+ for rest of year No but how?s your day It is I?m sure it will be fine Her music is great To get Blue Verified for $7/month, sign up via web browser at Any individual person?s Twitter account affiliated with a verified organization is automatically verified Not true Clippy is the real paperclip problem The press is yesterday?s news ? too slow for the modern era He?s not wrong I donated the first $100M to OpenAI when it was a non-profit, but have no ownership or control " This is the real problem. Many cities have high office vacancy rates. Mortgage portfolios are at risk to? ChatGPT is entirely housed within Microsoft Azure. When push comes to shove, they have everything, including the model weights. Good question. It somehow transitioned from an open source non-profit to a closed source for-profit. As part of their investment, Microsoft gained exclusive access to the entire OpenAI codebase Sure would be ironic if civilization ended because of a fight over browser/search market share Extremely concerning They are great Yeah, not possible to make motorcycles safe This will be glorious ?? That will require a large island! Absolutely Big congratulations to the Tesla Germany team!! Try using a List " Yeah, generally correct. Titter was trending to lose ~$3B/year (revenue drop of ~$1.5B + debt servic? I never take notes Indeed The Internetz What a tool The Lancet sold their soul years ago Shame on NCAA! Still a few legacy NNs using single cam, single frame that need to move to surround video Or he could have just invested in Tesla at $200M market cap when he had the opportunity to do so Given that modern AI can solve any ?prove you?re not a robot? tests, it?s now trivial to spin up 100k human-like bo? Exactly It?s more about treating everyone equally. There shouldn?t be a different standard for celebrities imo. This is by far the most serious looming issue. Mortgages too. It?s close. One more round of refinement needed. Thank you for correcting yourself The most interesting times of all Good for him. He makes movies fun to watch. Exactly Notes ftw Well-said Prescient Blooper reel must be amazing OpenAI has strayed very far from the path of virtue The media is a click-seeking machine dressed as truth-seeking Vanity Fair has lost its way ever since Graydon left True It?s a start Also ? I would never wear that outfit Accurate US foreign policy is bronze tier on a good day! For now Accurate Countries should make their own decisions! That jacket is ???? My prediction is that this will be the only platform you can trust Karma is real That?s very odd Not having a massive short position against Tesla would be a step in the right direction! Phew, I can finally sleep at night "Starting April 15th, only verified accounts will be eligible to be in For You recommendations. The is the only rea? These are wild times for sure! This one seems problematic Uh oh Cybertruck will change the look of the roads. Finally feels like the future. This is pure joy ?? Yeah The good old days No, descriptions should be accurate. If only a small segment of the right or left? Authenticator app is the way to go Great video! Not so much in the banking sector rn Very important That was wild US foreign policy now dropping below bronze tier Is it accurate to refer to those making the proposal as ?extreme MAGA? ? I remember the early meetings with Gates. His understanding of AI was limited. Still is. True Great jacket tbh To get Blue Check Verified for $7/month, sign up via web at It will be glorious ?? ?? ?? To get Blue Verified for $7/month, sign up via web browser at Name sure comes up a lot ? That we extend consciousness to the stars and understand the Universe Twitter is the news That?s what people who have the woke mind virus look like to me Reminds me of The Marker from Dead Space Seriously Sick burn lol Forgot to mention that accounts you follow directly will also be in For You, since you have explicitly asked for them I eat a donut every morning. Still alive. " Great interview with CBC ; Geoff! We live for only ~3B seconds, which is just a tin? Troubling thread I hear you, but we?re not getting to Mars if civilization falls apart before then! Where is Elvis these days? Nature is healing Vision Perhaps better than a Y in turning Notes ftw again An aging population is part of it Impressive The media is a click-machine, not a truth-machine. Incentives ? "Of course, you need to have good customer service for money. Working on it ?" Only $7 via web! The most ironic outcome is the most likely I?m old enough to remember Trying my best for the humans Major respect for Cavill Just keep moving that goalpost! Wild times ahead for sure! "That said, it?s ok to have verified bot accounts if they follow terms of service ; don?t impersonate a human" Walter Chrysler had great style Makes me sad Combined with excess government spending, which forces other countries to absorb a significant part of our inflation Serious issue. US policy has been too heavy-handed, making countries want to ditch the dollar. Making progress! 6 years ago This deserves close scrutiny ?? AI optimizing for the greatest understanding of the universe might be the right objective. Eliminating or? Yeah Given that there are ~500 million tweets per day, making individual human review impossible, this is? Leading AGI developers will not heed this warning, but at least it was said Tesla car temp is automatically kept within a safe range, even when the car appears ?off?, in order to? I thought both SpaceX and Tesla each had less then a 10% chance of success I agree You will be able to see it on the tweet details page Best plane ever We fixed it fast Coming soon It will per vehicle "Old joke about agnostic technologists building artificial super intelligence to find out if there?s a God. They fi? We live in the most interesting of times You really think AI is a single-edged sword? So are we lol Twitter will be updating its recommendation algorithm based on user suggestions every 24 to 48 hours "Twitter open source Spaces discussion happening now! "Twitter recommendation source code now available to all on GitHub Just borrowed my friend?s jacket wdyt? Nice It?s not boring, that?s for sure! WHO is being Captain Obvious here, but kudos nonetheless Please make this outfit real Really that good? That was a good add Works (almost) every time Yeah With extreme difficulty He has issues It is (sigh) Absolutely Very concerning The most powerful mental tool I feel fine Algorithm goes open source at noon Pacific Time If you don?t like reality, just ignore it The most entertaining outcome is the most likely Important to establish whether someone actually belongs to an organization or not so as to avoid impersonation They know they cannot defend what their algorithm actually does, so they will keep it closed Only thing on fire are Kessler?s pants Steak is great too! ?Incendiary? ???? ???? Me after 1 day of not eating sugar Yeah!! Somehow, I?m still alive, despite having ice cream since I was a child. It?s a miracle! Sorry, that?s just the donut talking Also, that doc looks pretty old for someone who?s only age 25 Wait for it ? This is most of the recommendation code. In the coming weeks, we will open source literally everything that contrib? " Should be ; will be" Someone should make a movie about that " Avoiding dystopian outcomes is not easy. The intent is not for the algorithm to be some judgy moral? It will I will die in America (or Mars if lucky) Yeah! Don?t Look Up ? but AGI instead of comet According to my biological NNs, AI existential risk to humanity is non-trivial Big reckoning coming due to low birth rate. Japan is a leading indicator. Great concept " ???? But we are deleting this bs. I only learned about it now! Will be gone by tomorrow." Most important, Twitter is never boring! SBF is co-commander of the human side. That?s how you can tell it?s fake. The AI carousel spins ever faster "Most of the recommendation algorithm will be made open source today. The rest will follow. Acid test is that indep? It will matter if we extend consciousness to the stars Trying to figure out if it?s possible Credit to Tim Sweeney for realizing this before me Once a writer gets Noted a few times, they usually try a lot harder to be truthful, which greatly amplifies? True " Some of the AI art is incredible ; it keeps getting better!" Your feed is great Thank you for entrusting with this mission ?Deceptive headline backfires on Reuters? Can I interest you in a tunnel, perhaps? Whoa Very concerning Great interview on AI NY Times is being incredible hypocritical here, as they are super aggressive about forcin? FSD is getting really good Yeah, above ground upside down pyramid should connect to an underground pyramid. Would be sick. Feels like the future Walked whole Cybertruck production line at Giga Texas for several hours earlier today ? gonna be awesome! These are great True " Verification of accounts will help a lot. We are adding date of verification to the profile. Note, on? "Also, their feed is the Twitter equivalent of diarrhea. It?s unreadable. They would have far more real followers i? $7 is a small price for freedom " If there were in fact such an epidemic, the White House ; every newspaper in the western hemisphere? What future do you want? This Sounds familiar The real tragedy of is that their propaganda isn?t even interesting Billionaires suck lol Tell me this isn?t the best $8 you?ve ever spent ???? Oh ok, we?ll take it off then " San Francisco cooked its golden geese. Now the Golden State risks doing the same. Better to collect the? You were a significant enough to be blacklisted, but allegedly not enough to be verified. They lie? The White House is just a small cottage. We need to move on! " We should build a new presidential office in the shape of a giant upside down pyramid! Sure, they?v? Our algorithm is obviously horrendous, but it will get better fast and in full view of the public, whose trust we must earn " The eagerness of English to add foreign words has contributed greatly to its success! T? How much English is used in Italy? We love adding Italian words to our vocabulary! If an account is permanently suspended, all its activity is removed Exactly A little sugar is fine Oh ? the irony Inspiration for the (not a) flamethrower! Agreed Extremely concerning, given that it leads to a dystopian future ? just walk around do? Aerospace safety is overseen by the FAA, because people had had enough of dying due to shoddy man? Geo direct mission " Who is behind these botnets? Million dollar bounty if convicted." I recommend having 1/4 to 1/2 of an epic donut ?? It?s diminishing returns after the first few bites. More than days away, but hopefully not many weeks away " You could literally film a Walking Dead episode unedited in downtown SF. This is where San Francisco? Ok fine AI should do fashion it?s awesome Sugar is awesome ?? Nice They should really get rid of that 100 IQ maximum limit for creating an account on Instagram Well done! " Actually, airplanes used to crash frequently! Eventually, so many people died that the FAA was created to? Good question Critically, Community Notes applies equally to every account on this platform without excep? True ?? true Spending time in deep space doesn?t seem to affect lifespan Team is closing the loop on interventions very rapidly. To get enough training examples for? Yup, happening in plain sight I?ve been saying this for over a decade Very true Probably correct " If we had been allowed to introduce new evidence, the verdict would?ve been zero imo. Jury did the? Wise words. The technology finally exists to change that. Thanks for the correction Why would anyone who doesn?t live in New York care about their times!? I?m confused. They voluntarily did exactly what I wanted them to do It is media?s control of what to write about in the first place that is far more insidious than ha? Nope I wish the media would stop flattering me all time ? it?s a bit much guys ?? Video too Interesting As promised I ate three times body weight in donuts! And Tesla is getting it done " Fermi was incredible. I like that he cared that we see no evidence of aliens. It is a fundamental questi? Maybe a link under the account name to the list of Community Notes of an accou? " Very sorry to hear that. Many people I know have been severely assaulted. Violent crime in SF is h? Seems accurate Brand is the cumulative perception of a company?s products over time Summary of argument against AI safety First I?ve heard about this. Did they identify what content they?re concerned about? Agreed. The moral guiding star should be to stop racism, not replace one form? Very true The rules are consistent. Even though I think you?re awful and I consider Billy Markus to? To avoid losing the trust of the American public, it is important that our justice system pursue Democr? Tesla will continue to use outside litigators, but it?s important to build a powerful litigat? If the Dem Party had a time machine straing daze theze r Starship preparing for launch ?? Wow, the critics are so disconnected from reality! It is for me I should emphasize that someone really has to go over-the-top by repeatedly harassing the same account? These are great True fazedarrayftw Very misleading headline But awesome for trolling Who ? me? ?? ?? Not a bad suggestion. Will consider. Yeah, you can totally delete things from the Internet ? that works perfectly and doesn?t draw attentio? Oh stop with the compliments! ?? "Starship is stacked ; ready to launch next week, pending regulatory approval We are gradually reducing it, proportionate to improved safety Any highly successful investor with a long track record would do a good job ? the job is essentially fund management at scale Probably Buffett. He could do it using less than an hour?s time per week. Actually, will add this app to my name in the meantime Is this real? 2008 was hell As soon as we finish functionality for multi-org affiliation If they?re misleading the public, will correct them " Almost all major organizations are in process of rolling out affiliate badges. This is very importan? Best pic of Uranus ever Fact check: correct Good one ???? They need to make reusable rockets Cool Exactly I love fashion tbh " What is surprising is that so few people realize this. Individuals should always wonder who wrote the so? This will be great for reducing impersonation risk This trend will accelerate True, it was my worst decision ever Messed up Noice " So many well off critics don?t understand that demand at scale is limited by affordability. There? Italy is disappearing! True " If you become mayor, my companies will double their investment in San Francisco. Such an incredible city ha? ?? don?t fall asleep on the floor with long hair and a Roomba Scary. I suppose it?s not boring, but still. True " Bowie ; Bach are my two fav musicians" Great point He sounds great Sigh Parents are not allowed to know what teachers are telling their kids? True For a Community Note to be shown widely, it must be approved by multiple reviewers with dif? Just a scratch No one at OpenAI signed it, so it?s irrelevant Caused by expired ground station cert. We?re scrubbing the system for other single-point vulnerabilities. Sorry, slight glitch with Starlink. Coming back online now. Also, believe your eyes as you walk around downtown SF. It?s insane. Well-said High-strength stainless steel armor is needed to protect the launch stand from the world?s? I am dumb way more often than I?d like to be! " Most critics these days seem to write for each other, rather than the public. I miss Roger Ebert." Yeah, cockatoos too! Sounds messed up " We need to predict what pedestrians will do based on their behavior, including limb angle ; directio? The gerontocracy is real I keep telling people I?m an alien, but no one believes me ?? I don?t understand his goal Twitter There must be video footage from nearby locations ?? true 24 hour fitness This is messed up " True. The issue is that nothing should make one morally unimpeachable or bad actors? Cancel cancel culture I?m proudly half Canadian! True friends are true fortune ? ? ? Got to break a few eggs to make an omelette ? ?? Good question Friendship takes work, enmity is effortless Haha exactly So many stories just like this We?ve made some upgrades " 1. Substack links were never blocked. Matt?s statement is false. 2. Substack was trying to downloa? dke yeah u know me The underlying principle: if you don?t like reality, just ignore it! A classic Starship launch trending towards near the end of third week of April " Some duct tape ; superglue will fix this right up!" Extremists of any kind tend to lack a sense of humor, because they live in a state of outrage and dehumanize the other side Absolutely Good question. Who are the people responsible for this nightmare situation? They tried to muffle our titter ?? This is a controversial take, but I think it?s time we let women vote " What does a dyslexic, agnostic amnesiac who believes in crypto do? Lies up all night thinking about Doge." "Our landlord at SF HQ says we?re legally required to keep sign as Twitter ; cannot remove ?w?, so we painted it bac? Great way to make friends lol " Passing butter Oh stop ?? If you want to know what actually matters, just get a life insurance quote. That cuts out the bs.? Epic ?? The precision of our biological clock across trillions of cells is incredible. One never sees someone w? " Too much corruption with how legacy checks were handed out in the past. As? Long-term thinking will be rewarded We need to add more granularity to editorial influence, as it varies greatly. I don?t actually think t? I do actually follow the BBC ? they have some great material It?s coming What does BBC stand for again? I keep forgetting. "Candle in rocket engine lasts ~0.1 sec Analogies are not physics "A maximally curious AI is probably best. The cat lobby will oppose this, naturally, but it will receive strong sup? I?m almost there This platform will neither promote nor limit their accounts, but we will rapidly address any attempts? " Wd sync w ur iPhone ; tell u when 2 ??" I?d buy one tbh He must really want it to pay so much, but what does he want? Yeah, wrong on many levels. Tesla is increasing production rapidly in T? " I?m told Putin called me a war criminal for helping Ukraine, so he?s not exactly my best friend. Al? Wow, almost 10 years since the groundbreaking! Starship That is surprisingly common these days Beats me. Some amount of ivory tower pseudointellectualism is probably to blame. True Happy Easter! Wow. Oh well, still awesome. " Our lifespan is programmed into our genes, just like it is for fruit flies or pets. Fruit are already vegan? I am told that his son is de facto in charge Tesla opening Megapack factory in Shanghai to supplement output of Megapack factory in California Once prominent, they?re one of the few to have succeeded. Too much talent is chasing software, much like Hol? Yeah, it?s weird " Major misallocation of capital imo. Most on this list won?t make it. Not enough talent in manufacturing ; heavy industries." After AGI, yes And they still haven?t invited me ?? "Starship is ready for launch ?? Awaiting regulatory approval" We are going to re-examine this policy People give up reporting crime when no action is taken or the criminal is immediately released. They act? Phew Not totally wrong. Slept on a friend?s couch last weekend. Indeed Big problem Good question Downtown SF looks like a zombie apocalypse. People who?ve not been there have no idea. The court proceedings will hopefully illuminate this matter Amazing We need a VP of Propaganda ? errr I mean Public Relations! Sigh Yes, but, more importantly, doing so by massive theft of Twitter data " We?re enabling users to post long articles ; earn income from subscri? 2003 is an old survey, so Russian doesn?t dominate as much then as in 2012, but the point remains valid " Almost no one among the cognoscenti even knows this. Why does our western press insist on pushin? Their technology is so ancient. World of Warcraft economy is lightyears better (actually). Nice An advantage of having organizational affiliation on this platform is that you can change your name without losing? I think we should legalize it. The probability of overdose or a bad batch is greatly reduced if there is? Your boundless optimism is uplifting! Tbh, I?m just hoping a media org that takes itself way too seriously writes a story about Harry B?lz ? " Say that at a party, then spit in their drinks ; walk out the room. Baller move." " The Roman corvus, invented for the Battle of Mylae, would probably have been faster. Carthage th? On the Internet, I?m only 3 inches tall (best case) That is true for some, but for many it was simply because they had a buddy at Twitter or were a Mas? We?re working on Burnt Hair. Has to be just right. What is the principle? Boring Company: Flamethrower (Not a) If that were actually true, ?the rich? of 100 years ago would have all the money today, but they do not Modern dentistry is underappreciated What if we create a ?Help-a-Celebrity? fund to pay the $7? Impersonating others is wrong! Doing a Twitter Spaces interview in 10 mins with the of " True, civilization uses a tiny amount of energy. Just seems high to us silly monkeys. Our sun, which is? Amazing Many people I know love it! So inspiring to see that they have their priorities right Final date for removing legacy Blue checks is 4/20 Yeah It?s super easy to get Fentanyl *right now*. People buy it in open air drug markets in SF an? Interesting Thank you for your excellent contribution to Tesla! Buy when others panic, sell when they?re irrationally exuberant Sure yeah, yeah, definitely not influenced by the state ? Publicly funded PBS joins publicly funded NPR in leaving Twitter in a huff after being labeled ?Publicly Funded? ?? Maybe we should use something else or make our own This cast of characters show up a lot Interesting Good ideas He is entertaining in his own way lol We?re working on it. Twitter has a surprisingly complex codebase, so progress is slower than we?d like. We?re firing up creator subscriptions bigtime! Works for longform text, pics or video. Facts " This is why paid verification is essential. Won?t stop people using AI for impersonation ;? "NPR literally says Federal funding is *essential* on their website right now at What have? " Currently stuck in Apple App Store approval process, so button works on web ; Android, but not yet iOS" I will pay a million Dogecoin for proof of this mine?s existence! Yeah Buffett is earning crazy money from his Treasury bills Unreal Good find Exactly Tough sledding until spring next year is my best guess I do say in the interview that I have a lot of respect for the . No organization is perfect, or cours? Guess they won?t mind losing Federal funding in that case ????? "NPR literally said ?Federal funding is essential to public radio? on their own website (now taken down). What hyp? Defund This will make some people upset, but I need to emphasize that accelerating synthetic mRNA technology was? Yeah Seriously ???? Exactly, ?misinformation? is indeed the Trojan horse for censorship What more could you ask for in a CEO!? The Singularity is near Exactly "This time with video ; better audio Same cast of characters every time This is super messed up! Absolutely " He has black turtleneck ; husky voice ? what more do you need!?" Yeah I said BBC could come Twitter, then, to my surprise, a reporter shows up "Penetrating deep ; hard with The world wants to know! [NSFW warning] Now we?ll never know if he likes BBC! Yeah Amazing that carbon in diamond form is ~5 times better at conducting heat than the best metal (silve? Unfortunate, but true Just run a poll after you post a movie What?s a woman? The AI figured out what it meant And sometimes a discussion on Spaces Once every few weeks, I will do an ask-me-anything for subscribers only One should always be wary of the popular thing Not bad The news tries to answer the question: what?s the worst thing that happened on Earth today? That?s w? The weakness of an NPC is their limited dialogue tree " CBS/NPR have engaged in extreme hypocrisy. Fate loves irony, but despises hypocrisy." Exactly! Tough years Should just work App update needed Dark if true lol Daily Mail has some great headlines ?? We will that to the feature list, but right now you can easily post ?here is 30 secs of my aw? Scale does matter True You can post partial videos for free and reserve full video for subscribers Exactly It should work via web interface Reaching volu? Agreed. One step at a time. Yeah That would be great! Great point. We will add that! Currently, all subscribers have to be approved by Apple for iOS. We?re waiting for the next batch to approved. Dogs rock Exactly Working on it We should dress in far more interesting ways than we currently do! We?re removing that requirement "For the next 12 months, Twitter will keep none of the money. You will receive whatever money we receive, so that?? Working on it You might want to consider enabling subscriptions for some of your work or just so that people can thank you "Apply to offer your followers subscriptions of any material, from longform text to hours long video! Just tap on ?? Sickkk, but who can make it? If heath death of the Universe is how things end, it really is all about the journey It would be good to have Twitter worldwide Well, technically it is both for me I really do Turning AI-designed fashion into real clothing would be great Good news! AI regulation will be far more important than it may seem today. Exactly Yeah That?s messed up Congratulations! Sunlight is the best disinfectant, so let?s shed some light on the media puppet-masters! ?? It?s Anchor Man en masse, but who wrote the memo? That would be sickkk ?? If what you say is true, who is writing the bs they?re buying? Definitely not ?? Like talking marionettes ? but who is pulling the strings? True. That is happening in schools today. I can?t tell parody from reality these days I have a feeling it might get delayed 3 days ? Success maybe, excitement guaranteed! Lot of ways for AI to go wrong Speak for yourself " Am doing interviews across the political spectrum. BBC?s SF division is ?left wing?, as evidenced by? The New York Times has fallen so far it?s tragic. Now, they don?t even have a verified check. ?? Let?s have an AI-designed fashion show irl All the news that?s fit for ? I forgot the last part That?s messed up Exactly. Take a walk through downtown around Twitter HQ. Outra? The American public certainly needs to understand and our elected representatives must consent to our involvement True You content is great. How many subscribers do you have? Hypocrisy Tough job Legislators doing nada is often way better than the alternative Plastic straws are fine Leadership can make all the difference in the world Any parent or doctor who sterilizes a child before they are a consenting adult should go to prison for life Far better than being indoctrinated by the state! True. Wish it wasn?t. " Tolkien barely survived. Bolitho too. Both born in South Africa, almost to die in trenches for nothing." Yay! Nice work Dragon Team! Well said Also the plot of Deus Ex Probably people would I will do a Starship Spaces at 6pm CT tomorrow for subscribers only "Creators in Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand can now enable subscriptions on this platform. Our goal is t? Fermi?s Paradox troubles me greatly Tom, we?re not ?starting a price war?, we?re just lowering prices to enable affordability at scale Those were sick when they came out I knew it was futile, but ?let the record show ?? Tell me about it ? sigh Nice! At scale, you hit limit of available power, so it?s just useful compute? Useful compute per unit of energy is what will matter most And people who steal memes! The timing of this couldn?t be worse The so-called chief ?fact-checker? at Washington Post has been dinged by several t? "Your direct experience, people you talk to in the subject area ; independent research will get you much closer to the truth" The BBC interview last week was exceptional in illustrating why you cannot rely on the media for truth I still have launch PTSD from early Falcon days. My limbic system twists my guts into a knot as we get closer to launch. "It?s worth considering deleting your blocks. What?s the worst that can happen? Words ; emojis ?" This platform is great for That?s why I deleted my block list Negative feedback received on this platform is great for reducing ego-based errors Gets me every time Coming *unreleased " Try enabling subscriptions and posting unrelated songs ; music videos for fans" You should consider enabling subscriptions for your account Good book Imagine how this makes FOMO Capital (the VC firm) feel! " That is *actually* what they did. Going forward, this platform will be fair ; transparent." Odd for period pieces " With booster ultimately flying up to ~20 times per day ; ship flying up to ~5 times per day. Useful? You should sign up for subscriptions, then, for example, post low res images free and high res for subscr? There is massive uncertainty with a new launch. We don?t know exactly when it will fly. Anyone who thinks this risk is 0% is an idiot Starship launch attempt in ~7 hours Treasury is (obviously) correct Same An implausible rocket on the beach Low birthrate is under-appreciated as causal in the fall of civilizations. Rome was having birth r? Thanks for the subtitles ???? So it goes ? Exactly We will try Yeah In any event, good manners require using the person?s name, not their pronoun, when referring to them I subscribed You?re welcome, now if only you were the actual head of the Fed! Launch attempt tomorrow Absolutely I subscribed It?s felt like that for a long time Pronouns are virtue-signaling, so inevitably, as with all virtue-signaling, they will be used as a shield by bad humans I mean ? one does control what happens a little I subscribed! Send a BBC boss with 3 mini bosses Next time, they should send a better NPC! Makes sense " I saw it happening from well before GPT-1, which is why I tried to warn the public for years. The on? I hope this is true Germ theory took a shockingly long time to be accepted! The entire medical establishment was against it? Fate hates hypocrisy My identical twins scored within 1 point of each other on tests taken on different days Intense work schedule Sigh Wait for it ? True One store after another shutting down Large ships are fundamentally vulnerable to ballistic (hypersonic) missiles The Golden Rule What?s he talking about and why is it sponsored by Erik?s son? Umm ? no Perhaps inevitable Fun times ?? This will be great. Coming soon. Maximum protection for users. " Sorry about this. Yes, subscribe now via web or wait a few days for Apple to approve. Note: creat? Takes a few days for Apple to approve subscriptions, iOS lags web subscriptions by a few days Population collapse is a massive threat to civilization Canadian Broadcasting Corp said they?re ?less than 70% government-funded?, so we corrected the label Fundamentally important Good point, generosity is always the right move. 69% it is! Their concern has been addressed "Mini Starship with flame! Just trying to be accurate. Would they be ok if we said 70% govt funded? Was alerted this weekend. Looking into it. Fate Learned a lot today, now offloading propellant, retrying in a few days ? A pressurant valve appears to be frozen, so unless it starts operating soon, no launch today Cryogenic propellant load of Starship is underway, liftoff in T minus 1 hour The team is working around the clock on many issues. Maybe 4/20, maybe not. Spend it wisely ?? I?m not surprised. Taylor is smart and her father is a well-regarded investment banker. Seriously (sigh) Reminds me of Fallout Exactly Cool! They?re right Fringe benefit ?? Exactly Seriously ????? You could charge more than $2! Crazy that this is still so different in 2023 Where is the manifesto? The Unabomber got his published ? In the fairly near future, internal combustion engine vehicles will be viewed in the same way that we? Orbital rockets are a hard problem Software update next week will allow the princely size of 5GB! ?? All systems currently green for launch Tomorrow is shaping up to be quite the day! Heck of a coincidence! (This will be fixed) There is a roughly 2 GB (compressed) file size limit, so uploading at 720p resolution should work You will always be my captain Why not upload to Twitter subscribers? One day I love Bob I?m open to ideas, but ripping off the Twitter database, demonetizing it (removing ads)? Very rapid increase! Why did they do that? They should at least have mentioned that the clinical trials didn?t check for transmission-blocking Exactly Baby me They trained illegally using Twitter data. Lawsuit time. Happy birthday, Love E! Big boy Absolutely Given Federal expenditures, it is a matter of when, not if, we default As I said several months ago ? A different meaning to ?I?ll have the usual? I can?t tell satire from reality these days. Does she really own four houses? Yes, how strange Yeah Will be fixed soon "Great song Such a strange dichotomy ? Such a great day in so many ways Same Hear, hear! They?ll survive ? somehow ? Fate hates hypocrisy Just Shatner, LeBron and King As they should You?re welcome namaste ?? It is insane to trust any ?social network? or ?search? company that won?t show you their source code And always will be Exactly I?m paying for a few personally Good thread Starship Liftoff Starship Supersonic Starship liftoff Interesting theory Thanks for having me Thank you on behalf of the SpaceX team Thanks on behalf of the SpaceX team! Thank you for your kind words on behalf of the SpaceX team! "Congrats team on an exciting test launch of Starship! Learned a lot for next test launch in a few months. Thanks! 10 minutes to launch Starship on track to launch in ~37 mins People for scale Evil Dead 2 chief nothing officer I feel your pain Beautiful My feed has correctly guessed that I like yummy snacks lol ? nice bio btw Being a Mom is a real job that deserves major respect Everyone pays the same price for a Tesla, including me. Same goes for new Twitter. Agreed, almost all of this is in work. There will be some mistakes along the way, but we will fix them fast. Rust Bad Batch is great Great shot! Exactly Starship liftoff in slow motion Deep time is disturbing But super obvious in infrared You correctly highlight the absurdity Lithium ore is very common throughout Earth. What matters is refining capacity. The caffeine one is most concerning! Like ? how much caffeine did that spider get!? At this point, I?m quite curious about the manifesto! I certainly agree that this requires a nuanced evaluation of all the facts, but please stop with the Russian bogeyman Next-level irony! Hear, hear!! There needs to be some accountability here! All that?s left of the concrete lateral support beam is the rebar! Hopefully, this didn?t gronk the launch mount. Interesting thread 3 months ago, we started building a massive water-cooled, steel plate to go under the launch mount.? ???? It?s a real thing We?ve started a ?save-a-celebrity fund? to pay their $8. We take this matter very seriously. I?ll pay for yours What say you ? They got caught Exactly Good US history thread It sucked Couldn?t sleep last night because of Starship launch Have to sleep Maybe he?d like some ?? with his ?? True Good advice Certainly trial I wonder if you can rent them on Thanks Dustin This is crazy. Data source? I subscribed! Great citizen journalism! " I?ve donated $100M to Ukraine, how much have you donated? (We turned down the DoD money btw) Good points True There have been several extended periods of flatness, followed by rapid rises to new plateaus Amazing Incentives matter Allergies Certainly should be same for all Is all this just about raising the pension age from 62 to 64 or is there more to it? Malaria did it for me The least bad solution to the AGI control problem that I can think of is to give every verified human a vote A troll, me?? ?? Not exactly neutral You?re welcome! What makes so powerful is that people with different points of view have to agree that a note is correct for it to be shown So many Zoolander memes ?? check mate Do you write in defense of the truth? Starship is super insane, but such a system is the only way for us to become a multiplanet civilization I will pay for your blue check ? my gift to you ?? Well said Have you considered a career in comedy? Still early in analysis, but the force of the engines when they throttled up may have shattered the co? Demographics is destiny " Anointed nobility is anathema Quality of content counts" Exactly It will be a Brave New World This really opens your eyes. If they?re this wrong about Tesla, what subjects are they actually right about? This resonates It has gone full beyond Intense week Twitter is a serious danger to their ability to control the narrative " Orwell was right -&gt; schools ; media Huxley -&gt; public *is* heavily medicated Rand was also right, as y? I?ll take him! " Or, at least, that?s what Snorri said Congratulations! ? True Please correct if wrong Age limit for sterilization by the state or parents too? Or is that too much to hope for. " What research? Every child goes through an identity crisis, but leaping to a permanent so? We will do our best to support candidates from all parties, so that the public may make the most i? You and other candidates deserve that opportunity! Exactly " I agree. This is super messed up. Mature, consenting adults should do as they wish, so long as they do? Are they simply looking at old data or ignoring the bad data that they have? Congrats! Congrats UAE ????!! If you weaponize currency enough times, other countries will stop using it Interesting Great points! Verified accounts are now prioritized That meme rings a bell Sometimes, when you learn about something, you think you have it It?s been a while since had to intervene. 11.4 is good. " I agree with assisted suicide if someone is a mature adult, but definitely not kids. There is a reas? Ask GPT-whatever Our meat computers are so slow ?? "The collective mind that is this platform needs more signal ; less noise" Collective consciousness Odd Couple (2023 remake) Are you ever critical of someone on the left? Can?t shrink humans, so need big rocket Exactly We?re running out of ?everything is fine!? memes Literally WALL-E has decent runway " Mind-blowing concept when you first hear it. There is arguably a practical maximum to digits of pi, w? Censor not, lest ye be censored " Exactly right. If we lose freedom of speech, it?s never coming back. Beware of censorship lest ye censored." Nice. Just me here too. If something dumb is said, it?s definitely me. " Gravity, gravity, time to escape that for me" Or maybe just X Thanks! I just subscribed I subscribed! More " To paraphrase a famous statement about democracy: Free press is the worst form of press ? except for? Jimmy () has already enabled subscriptions on this platform Or we don?t hire anyone, but simply enable content creators to prosper on this platform without applying? "We?re rapidly improving transparency ; fairness on this platform, but there is still a lot of work to do Hard to believe Starship actually did launch on 4/20 lol You?d never guess it?s me! It will be soon I kinda love Cramer "Content creators may wish to enable subscriptions on this platform. Just tap on Monetization in settings. If heat death is the fate of the Universe, it really is all about the journey We live in the most interesting of times I love your relentless optimism in an otherwise pessimistic world! Exactly Interesting Pretty much Thoughtful article by " Maybe we are LLMs, living on a GPU ; don?t realize it ??" Kurzweil seems to be right about ~2029 " The hard take-off is already happening. Just zoom out a little. The most fundamental metric imo is the ra? Anyone up for the task? Seems early to run an attack ad. Also, the AI will be much better next year. " Most people in the west accept abortion in the first trimester, but not in the third trimester. Europe? Fair enough then re incumbent not doing debates, although that seems like a tradition that should change People still don?t understand the implications of FSD I?ve seen quite a few technologies develop, but none with this level of risk. AGI is significantly hi? Over the past few decades, among western elites, LGBT shifted from ostracism (or worse) to being the cool kids club " The mass ; difficulty required to build a space habitat like that is extreme. Far better to have a base on the moon ; city on Mars." Thanks! Will keep at it. Stream on Twitter too! So bizarre that people and companies don?t use money management (Treasury Bill) checking accounts and earn 4%! Really? ?? I repeat my statement that any parents or doctors who do this should go to prison for life " Comprehensive study in Sweden shows *increased* suicide! Death for sex-reassigned persons? Noted Is this definitely accurate? [right wing meme] Nothing Oh great Very much so The data with which the Federal Reserve is making decisions has too much latency Here we stand, after 13.8 billion years, a testament to the fleeting fragility of consciousness Remember the Somme Munchausen by proxy Good meeting "Met with and many members of Congress about artificial intelligence regulation today. That which affec? Much has happened But not in the way it was done last time Not tolerated on this platform If you are taught to hate yourself, you will want to be someone else Some version of them both is inevitable The Swedish study says ?sex-reassigned transsexual persons of both genders had approximate? Good point Awesome Exactly Hear, hear! Best textbook intro ever I met with many other senior Democratic Party leaders too, many of whom, including Chuc? " Thanks Ed, I appreciate the kind words. I almost never encounter negativity in gatherings where I can? Anyone making materially false statements on this platform will get Community Noted, including you, me, Tucker, adv? I recommend subscribing to Massimo To a shocking degree True How many of these labs are there? The bit rate of speech, even ?fast? speech?, is absurdly low Always has been That fix is in work Yeah " The Onion has become jarringly unfunny. At the heart of humor is a revealed truth, but woke i? Most parents have no idea how bad it is Eventually, the worm will turn Thanks for having me Falcon Heavy is green for launch Good idea About to do Falcon Heavy risk review. I love that rocket, but it?s scary. So many state changes post liftoff. On show tonight We will keep 10% after 12 months, but iOS/Android subscription fees drop from 30% to 15% in year 2, so still a net gain to creators Exactly Note, it takes a few days longer for subscriptions to go active on iPhone vs web, as all subscriptions currently ha? " Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation. Anyone can break laws created by people,? "Content creators can now enable subscriptions to their text, pics ; video worldwide on this platform! This is becoming a serious scaling challenge High time humanity had a moonbase lol they should keep doing it all day Shannon was incredible. His work will stand for eternity. " Between, Tesla, Starlink ; Twitter, I may have more real-time? Very important Very concerning Just like AI, human neural net training takes a long time, but inference (applying the k? Fed data has too much latency. Mild recession is already here.? The goal is to make this platform maximum truth-seeking or, said another way, the least untrue compared to everything else You?re correct As more note reviewers from a particular viewpoint pile on, the weight? I agree Home True Massive attack on freedom of speech This is a massive attack against freedom of speech Rolling out next month, this platform will allow media publishers to charge users on a per article basis with one c? Printing over a hundred million newspapers per day is a waste of natural resources We fixed the remaining 2% This is an issue with Android Store. Waiting for Google to fix it. All proceeds go to content creators, we keep nothing Exactly That?s the acid test "Major software upgrades underway across the board. Encrypted DMs ; other DM upgrades rolling out this week. "Support content creators around the world in near ; far away places! For many this represents a vital source of in? Same I mean ? what IF something went wrong? Community Notes ftw again lol That?s a reasonable assessment. My point is that schools have gone too far, especially in ?blue? states,? Hear, hear! Worthy of ridicule " Munchausen Syndrome I propose the lmfao test for AI Worth subscribing, even if you don?t agree with viewpoint! Will try it! The warning a bit too sensitive Yeah Even benign dependency on AI/Automation is dangerous to civilization if taken so far that we eventually forget how the machines work Falcon Heavy That bad huh ???? I nearly died laughing phew that was close Interview with Over half a decade ago 11.4.1 is promising Tesla self-driving is by far the most advanced real world AI " It is becoming harder for people to get car loans in the US, even when their credit is good. Under? Cool :) You should upload your podcasts to this platform They are the same picture Infinite a lot of things Coming soon Some things are priceless Hinton knows what he?s talking about " Go woke, go ? It?s been a while since they made quality content. I?ve been saying this for a while Cult / Culture This is absurd. Shame on the CEO and board of trustees of Thomas Jefferson University! Twitter screen time is usually more than people think Chainmail armor making a comeback! Absolutely. Same for Twitter. The account would have many more followers if it posted content Absolutely If this keeps going, making new music will be illegal! "Worth reading The Machine Stops by EM Forster if you haven?t already Event Horizon Balance Beam Great points! Strange days. Seems more likely a false flag than an actual (weak) assassination attempt, but either are possible. Aargh, this gets me every time! Cool " Nice work by the recommendations algorithm team! As always, changes will be open source.? Cool! Haha same. We should touch more grass I guess ? " The power of to combat actual disinformation is incredible. At its core, it requires p? These guys? As Andrej said, if you hit Earth with enough photons, eventually it emits a Tesla! Extend consciousness to the stars I subscribed Crispy Probably won?t even need to pay for it "Sorry our video upload is so bad! We?re working on major improvements. I recommend 480p for video longer than 10? This will backfire This is ridiculous. Twitter briefly encountered growing pains, which affected users worldwide. Too many? True Good Congrats! Strange This is real? Partially visible subscriber-only posts in For You timeline will be a major driver of subscriptions So the president of a university, which is supposed to be a bastion of freedom of ex? "The more screentime users spend looking at a post, whether text, pic or video, the more it is boosted. Video post? These are increasingly rare Absolutely " The Fed is making decisions using stale data. This is like driving a car while looking out the rear w? " This is a massive problem. Doesn?t make sense to keep money in a &lt;1% interest bank account ins? There will always be sadness. What matters ? I think ? is maximizing cumulative civilizational net happiness over time. ?? I?m a little teapot ? ?? Sunset in space True True Notes ftw again Wow, state of emergency! Please do! Absolutely The philosophy that led to this bleak outcome will be the end of civilization if extended to the world So many stores shuttered in downtown SF. Feels post-apocalyptic. Lowest in the world? Is this real? Great idea Ending censorship in guise of virtue, handing control of the narrative to the people and actually accur? It?s almost like there?s a pattern Interesting 14 years ago Always tough with margins for new vehicle lines, especially when there are major technology s? Ohbrave new world Excel ?? Starlink now constitutes a majority of all active satellites Correct So awesome It?s a step in the right direction Cool! V11.4 is excellent. Several days of driving to random pin drop locations in Austin. Zero safety-critical interventions. Global warming risk is overblown in the short term, but significant in the long term I will survive That?s being fixed Great! An excellent question This is a *major* issue! Is this accurate? Falcon Heavy long exposure looks like 3 laser beams from space Thanks for the 3 Doge! True, electronics all want DC, not AC. So do electric cars. Welcome back to Twitter! ?? May the 4th be with you ?? Yes, but they are not to blame for San Francisco. Fundamentally, states and cities mus? Cool Interesting Cool Odd, why would the media misrepresent the real situation to such an extreme degree? Not really a moat ? just a much higher rate of innovation than competitors Almost like there?s latency in their data, so things are worse than they realize ? Yup, massive. We will have a lower cost tier for small businesses, but need to manage the onboarding of or? Highly recommend that organizations sign up and validate their affiliates to prevent impersonation Uh oh Cool features coming soon! If the intern who was asked to write this used ChatGPT, that would be amazing America has a lot of gold! Cool We should be You?re exactly right This kind of interaction with users is awesome. Other companies should take note. "NASA Spaces about space! Yesterday in the pit That?s weird Sadly, it seems so Cool Interesting Interesting " Why didn?t they protest when the children were murdered at the Christian school? They are disingenuous." Truth is not silenced on this platform Video team has a lot of good stuff coming " Demolition man predicted it all Makes sense " That would be awesome. I suspect they will say no, but I will ask Warren ; Charlie." Love This is incorrect. The de facto US national income tax is 40%. When added to California state income ta? People definitely shouldn?t be attacked for doing good. Is it really just a question of money to restore? I only briefly lived with my Mom tbc lol " Not *every* day is a day closer to AGI But close enough sigh" I?d just to see a picture of this mine. Like, where is it exactly!? " Yeah, like , for example. I talked to him earlier this week. He just wants to Netflix ; chill." Von Neumann ? would obviously be a bridge too far, but maybe someone who can fix their own wifi router wouldn?t be too much to ask It?s a fact. Let that sink in. Really? Very important that people from diverse viewpoints write Notes. The goal of? Feeling nostalgic Kurzweil seems more right every day Major video upgrades coming to this platform! Starlink V2, which we?re beginning to launch, will greatly impr? I still have a soft spot for tbh " We have ; will continue to evolve , always with full transparency, ; open source ; data" Yeah ?? Coming soon I grew up in a lower, transitioning to upper, middle income situation, but did not have a happy childhood? " Appreciate the kind words from Warren ; Charlie" In that case, you?ll love 11.4.1 Interesting Yeah Very true SpaceX doesn?t even bother with patents, except to stop patent trolls So what you?re saying is that there aren?t a lot of atoms? Gold thread " Fun discussion of aero ; battery technology in F1. I proposed a pure EV vs gas/hybrid F1 race." " My observation of the notes is that they are insightful ; accurate. They?re most eff? Concerning That?s what he told me Interesting Sometimes called transparent aluminum. Very impressive stuff. You should be seeing something closer to a 50/50 balance That chart says it all Unreal Too many asylum patients then, too few now Agreed on all! Exactly Adderall is an anger amplifier. Best used sparingly or not at all. Absolutely 11.4.1 is a major improvement Worth subscribing " Arguably, v11.4 should be v12.0, as there are so many major improvements. v12 is reserved for when FSD is? This platform is hell bent on being the least untrue source of information Do they cite any evidence for him being a ?nazi white supremacist?? Highly recommend ! " Ships to Tesla employees tomorrow, then progressively wider as confidence grows. We test as much a? " True. What?s actually happening in most countries is population collapse! Very important to make new hu? What percentage are real? Interesting Are you sure that?s accurate? What should do more of or less of or aren?t including at all? In the end, all debts must be paid, just a question of when. Later makes it worse. " Good conversation between Brian ; Jason" Coming soon, plus variable playback speed Interesting That movie scared a lot of people. We went too far in the past with psychiatric confinement? I recommend subscribing Makes me happy to see him happy Yeah, major problem! Never demand that an AI lie. " Turning sea water into clean, drinkable water costs $2 to $5 for 1000 gallons. Less than half a penny? Now he?s super buff Some individuals are a danger to themselves and society and it?s not fixable. Unfortunately, we do n? "We?re trying hard to make your feed as compelling as possible (maximize unregretted user minutes). How is it now vs 6 months ago?" Probably Miami Great question That is probably an understatement of unrealized losses Happens from time to time. Habits die hard. It might all be true, but such an incongruent set of claims deserves extreme scrutiny Awesome ?? Absolutely! America should be recruiting like a pro sports team, not making it insanely? There is great danger to media stoking the fires of hatred Great! ? Trust nothing, not even nothing [correction: trailed by several years] "Remarkable how , ; moved in lockstep, with trailing by ~6 months" " Highly recommend visiting. Ancient Rome was remarkably advanced in technology ; colorful in decor." " News orgs like to control the narrative ; hate being corrected, but at least people know they can come to t? WhatsApp cannot be trusted It would seem that he is *extremely* partisan I subscribed! " It won?t get easier to pay down the debt. As debt rises for countries, interest payments consume? It is borderline illegal to be Republican in LA or SF " How do we know that was actually his social media account? Seems very odd that he would have a Russ? Solid points in support of junior writers and it would not be a significant impact on show budgets.? Both are rising ? troubling Strange that election officials from pivotal regions attended a far left conference when they?re supposed to be impartial Haha true, I just bookmarked it We should go there Sigh For my part, I just want to support content creators, whether or not they provide extra content when you subscribe Yeah No, that?s silly. Will fix it. Very strange Demolition Man?s prediction of the future was shockingly accurate Better than pink eye " I think we should significantly increase legal immigration. If someone has a track record of working h? "Your support of content creators on this platform is very much appreciated. We keep none of the subscription reven? I subscribed But it is important to free up abandoned handles The accounts will be archived Good question Interesting This gets weirder by the moment I wonder why The difference in interest paid is a massive forcing function More importantly, there are lots of mounting points for third party hardware on Cybertruck We?re adding those features Prototypes are easy, production is hard and achieving positive cash flow is excruciating Cool Livestream starting soon Assume you?re always being manipulated Done! Yeah " Will consider. We?re taking steps to improve the processing rate of verification, which has been terrible at times." I hope you?re wrong, but I suspect you?re right We always prioritize safety over smoothness. After we achieve a higher tier of safety, then we polish t? The awareness of the capability of FSD is still shockingly low, even among Tesla owners Yeah, it?s insane! Roughly 70% of Earth is ocean and most of the ocean has zero shi? Cool! My earnest hope is that Americans of all political beliefs trust this platform Any organization that puts quotas above merit, instantly devalues their awards It?s not a military invasion like Ukraine, but it?s also inaccurate to refer to everyo? Once FSD is super smooth (not just safe), we will roll out a free month trial for all cars in? His assessment is accurate I don?t think the American public understands that people from all countries are crossing the southern? This is next-level! In other news, large groups of American who love communism were seen rowing to Cuba ? Interesting details We?re purging accounts that have had no activity at all for several years, so you will probably see follower count drop Absolutely Absolutely They?ve created a massive gap between money market account (Treasury Bill) interest rates at ~4.5%? Someone just normal would be great Upgrades are coming True The list of who didn?t might be shorter Also, which kind of bat ? fruit eating bat or insect eating bat ??? Good for Tom Hanks! It?s time we all took a stand against other people deciding what should offend us! ???? same Starlink is a new version of the Internet in space I subscribed! Yes, video is a primary focus The approver approvers Sure Increasingly possible It?s possible Interesting idea, maybe jobs too This would be great Population collapse They are right This is the same news org that claimed space flight was impossible ? Sophisticated, but easy to use, long form content Indeed Any given satellite communications system can be assessed in terms of useful data? Amazing Have you considered doing your show on this platform? Maybe worth a try. Audience is much bigger. So many stores have closed already Feels so long ago ? Congratulations Tesla Texas Team!! Totally agree! It?s bad enough already. If security guards can?t protect stores, offices, homes or themselves from vio? Gets me every time [insert I can?t quit you meme] With latest version of app, you can DM reply to any message in the thread (not just most recent) and use any emoji? On this platform, unlike the one-way street of broadcast, people are able to interact, critique and refute whatever? On this platform, unlike the one-way street of broadcast, people are able to interact, cr? Coming " Didn?t the story come from , which literally specializes in psychological operations? I d? " Yeah. Or that WhatsApp founders left Meta/Facebook in disgust, started campaign ;? AI brings benefits, but also risks "Interesting article. Perhaps can add further context ; corrections. But can they do so without going bankrupt? Good thread Under consideration. It?s tough to add all these functions to the main timeline without creating a button forest. Probably true Then he added ?Silicon is for n00bs, Gallium is 1337? Cathie is awesome, interviewer less so Much better "Early version of encrypted direct messages just launched. Try it, but don?t trust it yet." The guard?s description is right ? Fallout Exactly Cool! As mentioned earlier, v11.4.1 has major architectural improvements. It?s actually much more than a p? Twitter is an accelerant for X ???? same "I am excited to welcome Linda Yaccarino as the new CEO of Twitter! will focus primarily on business ope? You can post over over an hour of 480p video on Twitter now This is next-level As seen by an unaffected third party The most entertaining outcome is the most likely Semaglutide actually works Random partial reinforcement is powerful ?? It will get better rapidly It is remarkable that Sparta had no walls when all the other cities did Car suspensions were so bad back then! That will not be the case A spire Taco Bell?s breakfast crunchwrap is good " There was a time before tv or even radios. Just whisky ; cards." The commitment to open source transparency and accepting a wide range of viewpoints remains unchanged Technically, everyone?s a winner ?? Should be much better I only ever see cnn on this platform so ????? Close tho Good point Coming Where does one even find cnn? "Excited to announce that I?ve hired a new CEO for X/Twitter. She will be starting in ~6 weeks! My role will transi? "Excited to announce that I?ve a new CEO for X/Twitter. She will be starting in ~6 weeks! My role will transition t? It would actually work if worn as a hat! Super easy to use Starlink out of the box, no professional installer needed! The world should increase use of nuclear power! Coming soon Thanks Dave! Major update coming in a few months Explaining Constitutional Amendments If AGI is almost here, why doesn?t autocorrekt work!? Is it possible to be LGBTQAnon? Anyone who maims children should go to prison for life. This shouldn?t even need to be said. Computers are literally binary lol Yeah Basically yeah No, we still have it. Chamber converging section desperately wants to melt next-level. We also have? Raptor chamber wall might have the highest heat flux of anything ever made Yeah. To be frank, we did not expect the engine to survive a full duration run at that pre? " If we can delete ; integrate enough secondary structure (small, fiddly bits), then we can local? "Raptor V3 just achieved 350 bar chamber pressure (269 tons of thrust). Congrats to propulsion team! Starsh? Wise words Once in a while, a very tall spire of technology is created in an otherwise flat landscape Nice ?? ?? ?? " So you?re saying there?s a chance we make it? Yesss ??!! Looks familiar " The wasn?t even trying hard to achieve 4500 pax/hr. Could easily do &gt;10k/hr." When will they learn ? sigh Nice Obviously, bringing on Linda allows me to devote more time to Tesla, which is exactly what I will be doing! Thanks Brian! Well said I hear your concerns, but don?t judge too early. I am adamant about defending free speec? As soon as is ready, we will do a Spaces where you can ask us anything Isn?t California required to keep some portion of excess tax receipts in a ?rainy day? fund? Seriously!! Exactly I subscribed! This is one of the best accounts on the platform. Thanks for the note. I think people from both sides of the political spectrum will find Linda to be s? ???? Happy Mother?s Day! ???? Oh the irony is too much ???? "Poetry with quill ?? Written on rose ?? With my blood ?? Incredible outfit Absolutely Good for him! Stud at 79 wow. Until the Supreme Court struck down Biden?s vaccination decree, he tried to demand that we fire all unvaccinated pe? Covid Cult Culture Civilization is more fragile than it would seem Like an account on this platform Feels so long ago ? Someone should go ask them " It was love at first sight for me ; computers tbh" " Entropy, entropy, No escaping That for me." Yeah This is par for the course for all Internet companies ? we are just going to be clear that? Maybe we?re in an alien soap opera and just need to keep the ratings high so we don?t get cancelled ? ? He makes a strong case for computers being way smarter than humans I hope so! Something like that Extremely destructive if accurate We could post what the government in Turkey sent us. Will do. Coming Did your brain fall out of your head, Yglesias? The choice is have Twitter throttled in its entirety? Tragically accurate I agree A lot of people don?t use social media in any significant way I have a longer analysis on this, but too long for a short post "As more satellites ; ground stations are added, latency ; jitter will improve. Goal is &lt;20ms latency. Rightly so. The disaster that is downtown SF, once beatiful and thriving, now a derelict zombie apocalyp? They did? Interesting Accurate Rightly so Fair point ?? You assume they are good intentions. They are not. He wants to erode the very fabric of civilization. Soros hates humanity. We?ve pushed harder for free speech than any other Internet company, including Wokipedia Soros reminds me of Magneto That is odd " This is idiotic on so many levels: 1. That cretin never advised me on anything whatsoever. 2. Th? True "Tesla Powerwall does the seem for individual homes (if you have the backup switch installed) It?s pretty good tbh Good thread Coming soon I?m not doing an interview with CNBC, the organization, I?m doing an interview with David Faber at A? It was an honor to meet! Cool. Features you mention are coming within a week or two. Absolutely I regard that as a good sign :) It?s a major problem! Pretty much ?? I agree and probably most Americans do too Might be because you have ?? in your name ??. Will investigate. Perfectly said. Among other things, Soros astutely identified a massive arbitrage opportunity in distr? No kidding ? Spaces interview with starting now Tesla shareholder meeting underway ADL should just drop the ?A? Even the AI community doesn?t understand Countries should be doubling down on nuclear! France is making smart moves in this regard. A classic The massive jump in monthly payments for a 30 year mortgage, due to high interest rates, obviously grea? Don?t spend that $4 all at once ?? Good questions Subscribe to Tim Urban ? he?s awesome! Accurate Happens a lot " Her uncle owns the Wayback machine ; you?re saying he deleted information for nepotism? That?s a big deal." This is the most embarrassing thing to come out of The Twitter Files! " Dutch farmers are incredibly skilled ? some of the highest productivity ; most efficient farming on Earth!" Twitter Blue Verified subscribers can now upload 2 hour videos (8GB)! Exactly I subscribed! Kara has become so shrill at this point that only dogs can hear her Why is sleep so hard!? Perhaps we will never know. A really complicated password I subscribed! Exactly Optimus Team is making excellent progress I subscribed! Temporary experiment to test price elasticity of demand Thank goodness Does the public realize that Soros wants open borders? Literally not even checking to see if they?re? Correct Interest payments on national debt exceeding defense spending is a mind-blowing threshold to pass Good thread Regulatory oversight of AI is important to protect the public from companies potentially cutting corners on safety Small world We?re getting great use out of Massey?s gun range! And contradicted by statistics Nice Absolutely We?re getting spammed with these like crazy! True! ?Great journalistic organization? ???? Exactly " No door handles ; side mirrors can be removed at discretion of owner" Just have kids one way or another or humanity with die with a whimper in adult diapers! " Frankly, I am pathologically optimistic ? it?s a mental condition! Kinda have to be to try to do all? He is very mature for his age lol Thanks Jim! At the risk of bragging a little, I do an incredible job of digging my own grave! "To heir is human, To procreate divine" Will give it a shot Thanks! "Love to see Starlink providing great connectivity to those who had little or nothing before. As soon as you can a? " Cybertruck option packages ; third-party add-ons will be ????" I strive to entertain humanity, whom I love " All real ; hot of the presses. Tesla Optimus team cranked super hard through the weekend to get it done. They are awesome!" It was really unfair to Magneto I?d like apologize for this post Super crazy times Wow, what a coincidence ? True Welcome back ! Yeah, this is tragic One hell of a plasma beam! Agreed Suggestions for improvement are welcome Community Notes will defend us from the deepfakes I have spaceships The Bay Area, of which, SF is a part I use dark mode all the time Even were this absurd scenario true, my ?bodyguards? being asleep instead of thwarting assass? It reads well as comedy Aargh ? gets me every time Nice It is essential to provide the full truth, or as close as possible, to the public, independent of political leanings We rolled it out slowly over the past few weeks. Mini viewer coming soon too, so you can watch video? I recommend subscribing to ?FBI says it won?t release Jan 6 surveillance video because it would show too many unde? " The Tesla AI/software team is truly exceptional ; I never give false praise" "I hope this platform increasingly brings you joy ; elucidation" " And I will review the audit personally. If you drive a Tesla, you should be able to believe in it to your core." Absolutely ?? mom ftw Definitely " Voice ; video chat coming soon" " Cool! Improved video features should land almost every week." High time this happened It should not be socially acceptable to call someone an [anything] supremacist, unless there is unequ? Exactly There are some jobs that can be done effectively at home, but it is super out of touch to suggest th? I mostly agree with that statement, but talk is cheap ? results are what? *Jonathan There?s probably some really embarrassing stuff in the book ?? True (sigh) This is dumb In fairness, I must concede that Joel has a good point and I will endeavor to be more t? What!? This is messed up. I?m no vegetarian, but I do want animals to have a happy life. Walter is incredibly thorough in his research. Highly recommend his other books! Was the Internet Archive manipulated for nepotistic reasons? This platform is a great place to recruit! Would explain why the most entertaining outcome is the most likely ? more interesting to the simulators ?? to the simulators Call the SWAT team on this one Coming next week, along with pic in pic, so you can watch while scrolling Nice Same I recommend doing Twitter Spaces simultaneously and interacting with users dynamically while recording your podcast This is perhaps the most fundamental ratio defining technological progress Great statement by ! Some easy to fix bugs addressed in 11.4.2 that starts rolling out this weekend. Will address excess? The Washington Post has gone from questioning the state to being its propaganda mouthpiece. Pravda would be proud. Either back up your claims with actual source data or retract your story No, you cannot have the Chaos Emeralds!! It flew! Cool! Human output data rate is absurdly low Neuralink Layers of irony "All those moments, will be lost in time like tears in rain ?" Trying Absolutely Control matters Yeah Phew, we can finally relax Interesting thread There will not be a winter for AI, quite the opposite Great Interesting Inevitable Cool. More video controls coming this week. Do you get one? I hope it works as advertised! Is will be smooth as silk Cool! Probably, but not yet And works almost everywhere on Earth with global roaming enabled! And Tesla has Sentry Mode " Looking into it. You might want to consider turning on subscriptions." " We?re working hard to get Cybertruck into production! This was a tough product to design ; even toug? "Both quality ; quantity of high quality posts of all kinds (short text, long essays, pictures, audio ; video) have? Yeah, it?s great " The kind of interaction that makes this platform so unique ; entertaining! ????" 8 years ago ? " Write it on Twitter! Our algorithm automatically gives higher preference for posts which have the? " It?s pretty wild in the Notes world! Many intense battles for best note. We continue to watch caref? Good idea Good Nope! Spaces with in ~2 hours! Exactly " Starship payload is 250 to 300 tons to orbit in expendable mode. Improved thrust ; Isp fro? The intolerant left is driving people right Taking questions from the audience is a powerful move Sure Sneaky ! Any candidate who announces on this platform will get the highest possible audience. It?s a smart move. No kidding ? ? I don?t think that word actually means anything ?? Same Exactly Oh hey The Atlantic is still alive who knew Happy to do it Looks like Babylon Bee has some competition for satire Best is to have the car turn on signals for you ? Happens to me all the time True " This is crazy ? lives are on the line! The woke mind virus is a parasite that kills its host. It must be eliminated." It?s not like we didn?t see it coming " Why indeed. If someone wants to change something about themselves as an adult, we should respect t? Citizen journalism breaks the monopoly held by a handful of editors ? they naturally don?t like that Yeah ?Total crock? How did The Washington Post go from questioning the state to being its mouthpiece? Major problem What say you, ? This is indeed very disturbing Interesting I agree Downtown is bleak. The empty parts are actually worse than than the parts with zombies. Yeah " I call it ?massive attention? Top story on Earth today" Twitter new account signups just went ballistic The only reason people even know this is because of screenshots posted on Twitter lol ???????? Untamed Free Speech FTW ???????? Other candidates are welcome True True ?? All Presidential candidates are most welcome on this platform Interesting Yeah He might actually be That was many years ago. Their cars are highly competitive these days. Pretty much Hold on to your horse as the carousel of destiny spins ever faster Bruh do you even AI Too many social media companies? Is this true, ? I have made the invitation several times, including in the DeSantis Spaces itself! Starship is the first rocket/spaceship with the potential to make life multiplanetary It?s next-level. People have no idea. A surprising number of people simply haven?t tried it yet, so have no idea Major launchpad upgrades should be complete in about a month, then another month of rocket testing on pad, then flight 2 of Starship You should try Tesla self-driving This is the right release to go wide "Lot of noise about announcing ; discussing his Presidential bid on this platform. But you what isn?t? The attacks against DeSantis are not landing I thought he was going to say ?Hitsky? at the end Maybe they?re right, but I just have a lot of frens ? ????? ?The real world? For now You drive a hard bargain, but ok! Congratulations Neuralink team! Yikes Interesting Nice Sorry this app takes up so much space ???? chief troll officer at ur service "AI Fashion Show in Azkaban Date ; Details to Follow" On Twitter, I mean Jack is back Office Space is an awesome movie A real problem! Previously, I had thought it was some pescatarian conspiracy theory, but nope I was today?s years old when I learned that some people genuinely love cooked salmon We are insulated from this in the west Ever? Not sure why this happened Just tap the button for FSD Beta Perspective Sounds reasonable True Correct Many Maybe it?s not true, hence the question Transparency builds trust ? Whole podcast uploaded to this platform! You?re such a numbskull. Please point out where we had an actual choice and we will reverse it. Major problem! " For obvious ; sensible reasons" Interesting He was a bamf for sure, but ?Bull Moose Party? is just not a great name It?s epic at bs Let?s see how the vote pans out Inevitable ???? True Accurate Really? Now answer the question Insufferable numbskull Later this year. Definitely needs to happen! Also, you can now change video playback speed This is pretty cool Heard Diablo IV might be good. Remake of System Shock out soon. True Coming soon What is a woman? Scrolling through tweets while watching mini video (pic in pic) is great Lot of flack for the branding change, but I think it will work out well Exactly ???? For those who died for freedom ???? Commercial real estate is melting down fast. Home values next. The China space program is far more advanced than most people realize What will AI be like in 2040? True Yeah, answer the question! Sorry, this is one of the last neural nets to be updated to surround video (from single camera, single frame) Sounds true Did they really fire people for calling the police? Incompetence, in the limit, is indistinguishable from sabotage Actually, the meme is showing the absurdity of the statement by noting that, if true, it would apply to kids with leukemia If shooting oneself in the foot is disrupting, then I would have to say that I do that a lot ?Use of ChatGPT is rampant among students today? ? students today I realize the implicit irony in saying this, but the highest I?ve paid so far is $20 Needs a better name, but yes We?re updating the system tomorrow so that th? True Neuralink It will be advertising-restricted, as advertisers have the right to decide what content their ads ap? Does lockdown mode address this? I do actually like avocado toast tbh lol Being fixed Epic episode! ?Bloomberg Intelligence? ???? Exactly. It is damaging to society to dilute what ?hate speech? means. Important to remember that we should not take civilization for granted Lil X just asked if there are police cats, since there are police dogs ?? "Congratulations to Giga Shanghai ; Tesla China SDS teams for their excellent work overcoming many obstacles over ma? Happens a lot ???? " This was a mistake by many people at Twitter. It is definitely allowed. Whether or? True 38 astronauts to orbit so far! ???? I love it! ???? I hope it does come back. Was super funny ?? Thanks :) World Champion Streisand Effect What are they talking about? Not me or X/Twitter. Others are paying to promote it. Let that sink in Game changer If only someone had warned us ? Would you like to do a Spaces discussion with me next week? Totally agree Fixed Countries should make their own decisions and not rely on UN bodies like WHO Absolutely Won?t be long before there are class-action lawsuits by shareholders against the company and board o? Director related Not complicated at all Consenting adults should do whatever makes them happy, provided it does not harm others, but a child is not capable? Works now. Only limit is that it will not be placed next to advertising. I am on team humanity Every parent should watch this Concerning Will be fixed tomorrow Working on it Volume should be measured in units of hamster ?? I don?t know anyone who spends so little time online The controversy will drive viewership ?? what could go wrong? Pretty much Nobody knows who they are as a child A lot ?? The Streisand Effect on this will set an all-time record! Yeah, it?s great This is a major problem. I will be actively lobbying to criminalize making severe,? " Commenting ; deliberate sharing wi? Sounds good! They hurt my eyes too This platform honestly gives me more laughs per day than everything else combined! " Me ; this platform, for example" This really needs to stop. Killing some cows doesn?t matter for climate change. Same Audience score is what matters, as film critics are terrified of being ostracized for wrong-think This platform is very PvP at times ?? Sure, up to individual tastes Something doesn?t add up Congrats Tesla Plaid racing team! They trouble me esthetically Not bad From SJM I prefer peace, but if they want war, they will get it Incredibly unjust Terrible This could be wild Cute Pretty good, apart from the rocket stuff The real tragedy is that the machine never even gets the money! He was incredible. Queen biopic is highly recommended. Definitely world champion Streisand Effect! This is being covered almost everywhere on Earth. Tesla is prioritizing safety over comfort for FSD beta. As we become confident in the former, the latter will follow. Pretty much Eloquently articulated This is where work ideology leads ? the end of civilization Unfortunately accurate Fission is a great source of electricity. Should not have been demonized. " It was covered in the documentary Good book That person reported to Jim Baker and left Twitter for Google in 2021 Infinity ago That would be insane Looking forward to seeing this! " System is being upgraded ; stress-tested in advance of interview on Monday!" I?m tempted to say that this will drive viewership of your movie, but ? no one watches CNN lol ?Studies show ?? Will investigate This doesn?t make sense Nice shot Hopefully You?re hired! Says the AI! How many years do we have before AI kills us all? Not bad Yeah Great predictor of the future Interesting Noted Interesting " Small numbers of tanks are easily destroyed by anti-tank weapons ; landmines. Best to have either none or a lot." They dig their own grave " ?Thank you, biological bootloaders, your job is done now? There is some merit to the far higher r? GPU companies when they hear that And those who weren?t expecting a ternary joke Accurate Of whom are we avatars? Practically next door Same " Hopefully releasing the update this week. As I?ve said many times, it is increasingly di? That would be much more accurate There seems to be a deep, innate human need for religion. As the older ones fall, new arise. I?ve seen a *lot* of Cocomelon ?? Exactly Yeah, it?s not an issue anymore Nobody is perfect " The truth is always more complex and nuanced than what is reported. This platform now cares about the? Few people realize the magnitude of the change That?s why I?m looking for a VP of Propaganda (and Witchcraft)! Great Their priorities are clear Always wondered about that Augmented reality is amazing "Looking to hire a VP of Witchcraft ; Propaganda" Please upload your podcasts to this platform too Congratulations! This is messed up Very concerning Exactly. State-mandated sterilization of children is utterly contemptible! Shame on those who push it. Best WW3 song ever How much does it cost? Ok, but can you name one joke? I was just playing that in my car lol I?d like to see Kant in philosopher Jeopardy take puns for $400 Good idea, will do " Good question. We are already cyborgs. Our memory is overwhelmingly outsourced to computers ?? Any downsides? " Maybe we should do a Spaces with you, me ; Alex to air this out" " If is serious about freedom of speech, then we have common ground. But destroying public safe? Good point Just a formality. Alex has been de facto in charge for several years. There is also equal treatment before the law. Differential prosecution undermines public faith in the justice system. But if you discriminate against everyone, then, tautologically, you?re not discriminating against anyone! UK now understands. America will too. Yeah It is insane Soon Almost always Very true Amazing movie Interesting I do use that word sometimes ?? The start of writing could be considered the beginning of civilization, in which case we are ~5500 years? He might not be wrong A friend of mine experienced a shooting last night outside his apartment in SF and a bullet went through h? Yeah Amazing ???? Thanks! Upload the video here on your X/Twitter account! I don?t personally use decaf, but the placebo effect in general is remarkably powerful They do have a lot of influence Whoa With caffeine during the day, without caffeine late at night Madness High time we went back and had a permanently occupied lunar base Upload here. This platform believes in free speech, provided it does not break the law. Yeah Indeed ? sigh Optimism ftw This is crazy Yeah ?zuck my tongue? Correct Exactly Roundabouts will get great soon " Lot of work between here ; there, but it is possible" ESG is the devil Good Elden Ring is an incredible work of art Credit to Larry Page for alerting me to the importance of air filtration Cry 'Havoc!' and let slip the Doges of war The problem is that the passive/index funds outsource voting to shareholder services companies, which are c? Where are they not? Any moral shield that cannot be questioned will be used by those who do evil Exactly They?ve gone too far It is In a few weeks, X/Twitter will start paying creators for ads served in their replies. First block payment totals $5? Late stage civilization vibes Indeed Seriously Good question It is worth noting that kids who are same-sex attracted and/or autistic are the most vulnerable Big difference Yeah Archived version " Almost everyone would agree that no one is above the law, but it must be applied equally. Differenti? Yeah Kids who are so young they think Santa is literally true obviously cannot understand the concept of ?gender? Powerful article The UK has centralized data, due to their national health service, so they know what a catastrophe this is Big if true How does this end? Not wishful thinking. I mean in reality. ESG is the devil Thank goodness! I feel practically Victorian when I say ?rubbish? The rate of improvement is accelerating That would be ideal Wow, half! He was great How times have changed That would be interesting We tried very hard to get EU to consider the Tesla (now NACS) design, as it is fundamentally better in e? Exactly ????? Not good This is cool. I hope many others put their music videos on this platform! " Up to certification ; airlines. Hopefully, will start later this year." Interesting " Haven?t seen anything ; I think I?d know" " There does seem to be far higher interest in pursuing Trump compared to other people in politics. Very impor? Beautiful Yeah "It?d be great to have , ; others on the left put their shows on this platform. No exclusivity or l? " Extremely disturbing. More background: We mean it Unfortunately, that is an accurate assessment True Not as big as S/X, but still better than any other car We put a lot of effort into this Great to work with you! There is room for improvement. Also, Reagan Airport should be a lot more active! ?? Nathan For You Having Starlink, even as a backup, would be wise Thank goodness! North America will have a way better connector for charging cars than rest of world. "Spaces discussion with Mary Barra, CEO of ! Don?t forget to fight crime too! Qualifying for the ~$20k car is extremely rare, but the $7500 credit applies to the vast majority of? Interesting "Model 3 ; Y have great air filtration too, but they?re too small to fit the monster HEPA filters" Looking into it ?? It?s probably going to crush tennis. Way more convenient. I thought the CIA liked being the closet lol Civilization was a great game Then you cleanse them with nuclear fire, then you win True Discreet packaging optional This is so important Good question True It?s amazing Deep memories of the x86 evolution Incredibly disturbing thread Yeah, that was weird Blocking public posts makes no sense. It needs to be deprecated in favor of a stronger form of mute. Wipers will get super good Wow, this is terrible! Exactly Extremely concerning " Interesting piece by Paglia True Yeah, ok, but also AGI We are working on having this information will show up on your profile, so you know exactly what appl? Absolutely " True. Also, many other NN accelerator chips are also under development. Nvidia will not have a monopo? The Tesla Plaid Model S is incredible They keep chanting ?protect our children?, but the children in question are not theirs This platform will provide email addresses of subscribers (who opt in) to content creators, so that creators are ab? Great! Makes a lot more sense lol It was an honor to speak That?s a real number? It?s good Ok fine we?ll do it Computers are definitely binary Maybe total user-seconds of screen time That said, it simply counts if you saw the post on the X/Twitter app or via web browser, not how long you watched Correct View count is actually understated, as it does not include anything from our API, for example tweets? I will follow them if they post their shows on this platform Community Notes plus user comments will be great for correcting or adding context Exactly Cool No restrictions on this platform! Would be great to have shows from all parts of the political spectrum on this platform! And/or simply attracted to same sex Yeah " Antidepressants ; many other medications are significantly overprescribed in America" Trend is bad Is this accurate ? Asimov?s Foundation books were a strong influence on me as a child Good Coming soon Well said ?? same Doge ftw What nefarious actions are they taking to crash the economy? I have seen zero evidence of aliens fwiw On now An example of great interaction between brands ?? Good question Yeah This kind of interaction by companies is awesome This platform ranks much higher when assessed by total user-hours per month This will accelerate, as high interest rates make homes less affordable More than people realize " Tesla aspires to be as helpful as possible to other car companies. We made all our patents freely available? Thank you for recognizing concerns about safety of digital superintelligence, which affects all of humanity Same Interesting Concerning Really " Yeah, extremely brittle to local conditions ; doesn?t scale" Sounds like we?re messing up in multiple ways here and not enabling a way to clear things up? I don?t mean to suggest a headlong rush into AGI without considering the consequences Who does control them? It means castration Of course kyc True Exactly Works every time Not oppressed Let that sink in Hosting ?s upcoming Space ?gender-affirming care for minors? is pure evil Major problem Interesting Worked like a charm ?? Money is just information [heavy sigh] nods He?s not wrong ? Guys, I think I maybe took too much ?? Cool Time to complete the circle Late stage civilization complacency